Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Giga Ohm Biological is brought to you by a biologist in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find us at the following links, and the support link is found at gigaohmbiological.com.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'm glad my timing is so perfect.
Tony, unfortunately, you are three posts behind garden variety human who won the money for the day.
Congratulations, GVH.
And again, if you want to research who is this biologist, you can look me up by going to the National Library of Medicine's PubMed website and enter the name C-O-U-E-Y with the initials JJ.
You can even use the author flag or whatever to look for that.
And you can find the- It goes right back to the origin of modern democracy in the English revolutions of the 17th century.
English Revolution of the 17th century, at that time great concern was expressed over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers.
with their little printing presses, and their pamphlets, and their public speeches, which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the Parliament and the King were carrying out their much narrower struggle than what you read about in history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry,
but by men of their own kind, men who know the people's swords," quoting from Leveller pamphlets.
And observing their activities, one contemporary historian warned that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule, which is a big problem.
Well, well after these radical Democrats had been crushed by about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
The greatest part cannot know, and therefore they must believe.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
isolation, what was it?
Of the virus?
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
They interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not,
there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
Just it's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
He introduced
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Because we are playing for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen, indeed, the goal is to win.
And if you don't like how I'm trying to win, I guess you got to find other fighters to support, other people to follow.
Thank you very much for being here, the 25 of you or so that are here.
I'm really excited about today because we are I think pushing on the right buttons now and I can feel the I Can feel it I can feel that we're on to something and I think we need to keep pounding So I'm gonna do that right now.
I'm gonna keep pounding on the same things that we've been pounding on for a while this whole illusion of
What a strange trip it has been.
I mean, seriously, you're not going to believe if you just look carefully how many of those people actually don't want to be in those photos that are pulling away, that are trying to get away from me.
As many of those photos are fake smiles, but you know, whatever.
It's a long, strange trip, and I think the only way we're going to dispel their enchantment is via knowledge.
That reality is becoming more and more clear to me as we continue to push forward biological ideas that everybody ignores.
It's actually, if you focus on the ideas, you realize that nobody's arguing with us.
And so that's what makes me feel very good about going forward in the direction that we're going and running as hard as we can.
We are living in interesting times and I humbly submit that we are among a very few number of people who've been trying to call the balls and strikes honestly from the beginning and only due to the interference of
of more than 10 people in my life, have I failed to do that in a way that cost me a few family members and a couple friends.
I think they're all dead because of the shots, because of the transfections being called investigational vaccines, because it is not a matter of what's true, but it's a matter of what is perceived to be true.
And these people have known that from the beginning.
These people that are funded by weaponized piles of money, the real important ones we're probably not even talking about right now.
And if you don't realize that they're trying to destroy a whole culture, and you need to start reading books in order to stop it, you need to learn our history in order to stop it.
and you need to see on your own at least see when you're shown it because if you still can't see after that then we're in big trouble your kids won't be able to see it either but there is one time in history that they plan to have this many people around and they need to collect that data while it's available that's your kids and your kids kids
The population pyramid tells that story.
And so they've been manipulating us for decades, for generations.
I mean, that's why Edward Bernays and then a generation later, Noam Chomsky told you basically the same thing.
It is a spectacular commitment to lies.
That's what's required.
It's in fact, all that's required.
You just gotta give people the script and tell them to stick to it.
They don't even know why or what they're sticking to.
They don't even need to understand anything else as long as they just say, that's beyond my expertise.
I just know about VAERS.
That's beyond my expertise.
I don't know anything about vaccines.
I'm just a pathologist.
I'm just a geneticist.
And we need to realize
The honest truth is that the vaccine schedule in America was probably criminal before the pandemic.
And it is likely that for one reason or another, CHD was not able to score that touchdown for our kids.
And that's why a lot of my listeners and a lot of the people that are still thinking that they're trying to be good citizens of the United States have no idea that the vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
Um, and so, you know, even Brian Hooker has been effectively stood in front of by these people in CHD because otherwise they'd have just let Brian talk.
Brian would have just told you.
Probably would have just put his, let his son walk on screen behind his zoom camera.
And you'd know all you needed to know about, about the realities of the damage that, that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system over and over and over again.
can result in, and the probably countless kids in America that have some form of damage that will never be acknowledged as coming from the childhood vaccine schedule because of the frequency with which it is administered and the earliness in their life.
And that's on us as parents.
That's on me as parents, as a parent.
It's on you.
And going forward, it is on you as a parent to learn the biology and to turn on these people who knew better already a long, long, long time ago.
But that gives me hope.
It gives me hope because I think a lot of people can learn this biology.
A lot of these people can learn this history.
They just need to fill in certain blanks.
We've been encouraged to explore certain corners of history and certain corners of biology and certain corners of the truth with extreme vigor and discouraged or even distracted from looking at the real history, especially real modern history.
Because that's, of course, what's also most accessible to us still.
And so, you know, talking about the Venetians and this kind of thing is a little bit... I would say it's a little bit off course.
But that's not to say that these people are in on it or any of these people are in on it.
It's just to say that we have inherited
governance by charlatan already from our parents who were also governed by charlatans but the charlatans that we are governed by now have an extra layer of power an extra layer of plausible deniability an extra layer of fear uncertainty and doubt and confusion that they can create using social media
And that means that there's also something to point to, something to save our kids from that we would have never been able to save them from before.
We wouldn't be able to tell them that all the newspapers are bad.
Don't read the newspaper anymore because then where are they going to get their information?
But now with social media,
I think it's very easy to tell them that TikTok and Snapchat and Twitter are all places of manipulation and control, of time wasting.
And so this time could be different if we pull our heads out, and more importantly, we pull our kids out.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection is a crime, and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not patterned integrities.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
That biologist is Jonathan Cooey.
Hello, my name is him.
That's my name.
I don't know what I said there.
My kids have been running around lately.
The way that you talk smack about somebody is to say you are not him.
He thinks he's him.
And so I think that's what was swimming around in my brain there.
I apologize for that.
It's get going biological.
It's 14th of January, 2025.
I mean, it just seems almost ridiculous that we're in 2025, but we are.
And it's also kind of exciting, right?
I mean, to be able to, as an adult, and I'm talking to the vast majority of my viewers that I think are probably over 40 years old, be able to really remember everything.
And I want you to think about that and ask yourself, how often have you tried to think in a big picture way?
It's one of the reasons why I always choose to start the stream with this calendar slide, because I want everybody to always have a wider, longer time horizon that they think on, that they wake to.
that they try to frame current events in because if you fall to the time horizons of social media then you will fall victim to their traps because all of those hamster wheels that are on those very short time scales are very useless to our children and very useless to us understanding the big picture of how we got here and the trap that we're currently in and how we might get out.
And so just to start, let me swing down here to the bottom.
Let me see.
Yes.
So we basically have a health freedom rocks movement that says that the COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020.
They might tell you that there's DNA in the shots.
They might tell you that it's active DNA and it's growing in your gut bacteria and making SV40 or something like that.
I don't know.
but they're not gonna talk about 2020 at all.
And they're gonna make it about health freedom or even freedom of health speech or something like that.
It's a very amorphous movement with no real clear objectives that are very similar to the objectives on the Georgia, Savannah, Georgia CHD conference banner, where it says rise and resist people over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear.
It's almost like they're not about vaccines at all.
Now today's stream is going to be a pretty long one.
It's going to be a pretty introspective one.
I hope that the the server of mine is okay and otherwise I'm going to have to probably re-upload this one because it's going to be
at least an hour and a half or a couple hours.
I don't know how long it's going to be, but I've got a lot of videos queued up that I think are pertinent to understanding this illusion.
So make sure the point that I'm trying to make and that you see is that you could accept the fact that there was a virus that was probably leaked in 2019 and it's been circulating the globe for the last
six years but it's you know not as serious as everybody said or it only affects old people or it was a released or you know oh or it was natural or whatever it doesn't matter because we're not talking about 2020 in the health freedom rocks movement we're just saying that the covid shots are bad
And that is a uniform message across the board of everybody on team Robert Malone, Jessica Rose, Pierre Corey, Mary Holland, the whole kit and caboodle are all saying this.
And I, over the last six years, have managed to, I think, crawl tooth and nail with a lot of skinned up knees and worn out elbows trying to crawl through this underbrush to try and see what's going on here.
Because there have been books written, and there have been lots of people coming before me that have claimed to understand that the
public health something something is a bad thing but I've never been able to get a good clear message and even when I worked for CHD for more than a year in two different capacities including as a staff scientist I didn't ever I couldn't ever find a succinct set of goals or messages never mind a succinct
sort of basic understanding of what they say versus what we say.
They almost purposely avoid doing that.
And that's a trend across the health freedom movement.
And I find that to be extraordinarily disingenuous if you claim to have been around since 2015 or even before.
Remember, 2015 is when they did the gain-of-function experiments that everybody said, oh, see, they made this.
The Equal Health Alliance funds this kind of research.
That was in 2015, the same year that Mary Holland was on Democracy Now, saying that a component of the MMR vaccine hindered her son, which is also the same thing that Andrew Wakefield was saying in the UK.
And then a year later in 2016, they would have the movie Vaxxed.
In the year 2016, James Lyons Wyler would write a book entitled, The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism, published by the same book publisher that basically is how CHD makes their money, right?
The Skyhorse Publishing and the books that they sell.
And then those same people have gotten us all the way to the end of the beginning of 2025.
And the farthest they've ever gotten is a big top tent of health freedom.
I would argue that they have maybe saved almost no one that wouldn't have been saved otherwise, and definitely less
Far few people have been saved from from the vaccine schedule than would have been saved had they had they pursued that goal in earnest And I've heard all the arguments because I talked to people behind the scenes for a year longer saying why but why but why but why didn't you just why don't you but you could also
It's all right there.
You can all, you know, the, the little places where you get stuck, they all have it worked out.
That's how everybody gets trapped and mired in that thing.
That big top tent of health freedom where you really feel like, wow, I'm working with these people.
This is really going to work.
We're going to, we're going to fix this problem.
But what you don't realize is, is that from the outside looking in, it just looks like one big circus tent.
And that is what its goal and job was, I think.
From the inside, it feels like a big top tent of health freedom.
From the outside, it is mocked as one giant circus of lies.
And I tried very hard to find different strategies, to offer different strategies, to suggest different things, to try and eliminate that
essentially ineffective strategy because that's the result of it.
And of course, I said that to Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Meryl Nass and everybody that would listen to me over and over and over again in a million different permutations, because I worked for them for almost two years, 2022 and 2023.
And they're still only right there.
While we have been here for a very, very long time, ladies and gentlemen, I think it would actually frighten you to realize that it's not just a year that we've been here, it's longer.
It's much longer that we've been here saying that it's a background, that if you just use non-specific PCR tests, you could claim to have found whatever you wanted to find.
In fact, if you used synthetic DNA, you could find whatever you wanted to find and claim you found it and still use the background.
and you could use placebos to meet any manufacturing quota you want and to make sure that the vast majority of people feel no adverse side effects or even adverse, you know, anything from the administration.
The entire places could administer the vaccine and no one would ever complain again.
That's the only way to explain that.
No one has ever said it.
And the people who have come close to saying it, haven't said it.
Stopped saying it.
We're manipulated into saying something else.
And I think I've been very, very good at pointing that out over the last couple of years.
Healthy people do not get sick.
The love of family and friends is what you need.
First of all, clean water, clean food, clean environment and exercise.
And the vast majority of adults in the Western world can't claim to do any useful exercise in the last 20 or 40 years.
There's a huge number of adults that are completely sedentary, that eat bad food, don't care, maybe don't even drink water anymore unless they drink it from a plastic bottle, and they don't have a clean environment because they're often in an urban environment where nothing is clean.
And I don't mean pathogens, I mean heavy metals and all the things that are in the air of an urban place where tires are being ground up and gasoline is being burnt.
You just cannot underestimate how this, generally speaking, is right, that it's toxins in our environment, in our food, in our water, and in our intramuscular injection schedule.
And this bad biology 101 starts with this evolution because DNA or DNA therefore evolution.
It's all the same kind of trap where you just kind of have to surrender because these people who understand this magic are the sort of priesthood of the medical class.
The people that can talk about DNA and evolution and genetics, these are the highest order of priests in our current medical, I don't know what you would call it.
And so that's why we need to break it with things that are a little bit more practical, like intramuscular injection of medicine is dumb, to challenge people to really think, wait a minute, what does he say?
Why do I do that?
I was told in medical school what?
Did they ever tell us anything?
What is my model of what happens there?
What's my rationale for doing it?
And then think about what Jonathan means when, and what I mean when I say that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is certainly dumb.
Yes, you have to have a little bit of an understanding of basic biology, but if you have that basic understanding, I think you can get there.
And we can change the world one person at a time.
I really think one person at a time can come to understand that intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
Combine that biological truth with the lack of liability that is applied to these people that produce these government subsidized
medical countermeasures for communicable diseases that we don't even know for sure would meaningfully spread in our population today.
And yet millions, if not billions of guaranteed dollars are doled out by the United States every year and by Western countries around the world every year under the pretense that these communicable diseases are circulating in the background asymptomatically, like James Lyons Weiler said in 2019, about six months before the pandemic started.
So you can see by looking at what these people were saying in this last decade and when they were saying it and who was able to say anything with a book, nevermind being on TV or something like that, you can see that actually since 2015, nobody's made real aggressive progress on challenging the fundamental biology of the vaccine schedule in America.
That's why Mary Holland is still in front of us in 2025, the person who said that a particular component of the MMR vaccine is what she suspected injured her child.
Not that the methodology as a whole should be questioned or the ever early application of these medical countermeasures or whatever you wanna call them, these vaccines, but just a real,
a real specific objection to the idea that it's not everything.
I'm not anti-vax.
It's just that I think that some of these things might be bad.
You know, these adjuvants might actually be more toxic than we think.
That was her message in 2015.
That is basically Bret Weinstein's message at the end of 2024, a decade later.
And that's why we need a new biology that somebody like Brett Weinstein or his wife are never going to bring us to.
Because if we start to try and understand ourselves with a new model of how we got here or how about a lack of explanation for how we got here.
Because right now what bad biology gives us is a very what it feels like a very enticing and obviously universally explanatory
myth for how we got here, which is that, you know, we got some proteins after a lightning bolt hit a mud puddle, and those proteins self-assembled into something that copied itself.
And then that thing, you know, that thing got a little better.
And then that one was able to replicate itself better.
And before you knew it, we had a cell.
And then those cells got better because they sucked in something like a
I don't know, a mitochondria or something.
And then after that, those cells got together and made different tissues.
And those tissues, you know, lived kind of like a multicellular algae that swam around.
And they have this whole imaginary narrative in their head where they can they can strike a puddle,
with the right components, with lightning.
And then after that, it's all just kind of like the Swiss watch assembles itself.
And after, I don't know, somewhere between let's say a hundred million years and four billion years, you have all kinds of incredibly complicated Swiss watches that still are on the earth, just replicating themselves, going along, doing their thing.
Boy, we got lucky a long time ago, didn't we?
And there's no real challenge to that.
In fact, you're not even going to find any admission that there should be a challenge to that in Biology 101.
What you're going to find is a very short, through-the-corner explanation of how, well, that's how we think of it right now.
It's very similar to, I didn't find this interview yet, but an interview with Edward Moser where he's talking about neuroscience and the guy interviewing him asks him about the soul.
And Edward says, well, you know, if I'm, if I'm, if you're asking the neuroscientists that just won the Nobel prize, then I would have to say, I don't think we have a soul.
It's all consciousness is generated by the neurons in the brain and the glial cells in the brain and the electricity between them or, or the bio,
electricity, or the electric fields, or the magnetism, or the ephaptic coupling, I think they call it.
I don't know really how to express how important it is that the bad biology, DNA, therefore evolution, has allowed
has allowed what I would call the sacred irreducible complexity to be assumed, falsely assumed, to be eventually going to be explained by physics and chemistry.
And I think that's what you find in Erwin Schrodinger's book.
That's what you find in Man and His Future.
That's what you find in a lot of these books that Mark and I and Uwe and others have been onto for a while.
that there seems to be this motivation, this hope to imagine that we're someday going to figure it all out, rather than trying to approach it from the perspective of humility.
with the idea of understanding it.
So there'd be a difference between having command of it and understanding it.
And I think if we approach our biology from the perspective of life as a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time, we'll start to look for the right phenomenon and ask the right questions that we might learn new things about what makes us human and what makes life life.
But if we stick with this idea that evolution because DNA or DNA therefore evolution, we're going to be stuck in this paradigm where we try to explain absolutely as much as possible with chemistry and physics and chemistry and physics and proteins and chemistry and physics and DNA and protein and chemistry and physics.
But there is no explanation for puberty in the human genome.
the timing of it, the duration of it, nothing.
And no matter what kind of imagination you have, please try to challenge yourself to understand that these people have been having meetings in back rooms about what's possible and what's not, versus what they're going to tell us is possible and not.
And what they've told us is possible is that within the next 20 to 30 years there would be no more disease, that our consciousness might be able to be uploaded to an electronic storage device which would essentially give us immortality, and that we're going to be able to engineer our children to be who we want them to be.
That we will skip this, you know, randomness of
of human biology and start to take complete control.
And it's not any different than the dream that happened in the early 1900s in America.
It's just that now they're talking about it in a way that gives plausible deniability to the inevitability of technology, that it's eventually going to happen and it won't be any fault of our own.
It's a question of whether or not we're going to have control of it and get in front of it.
That's what Elon Musk was saying a few rungs back on the hamster wheel.
And I'm sure that that idea is going to come back again.
And so I'm already 33 minutes in.
This is where we are.
who writes the popular Substack newsletter, Your Local Epidemiologist.
Caitlin, is what we're seeing now sort of the standard respiratory virus season, or is there something unusual going on now?
Yeah, I mean, like you said, there's no doubt it's ugly out there, right?
There's a lot of sick people with coughs, fevers, sore throats.
Now, I want you to think about it.
I just let that go off there.
Hold on.
Let me just let it go for a second.
Especially in the South and the West, with very high levels.
Soon the entire country will be in the red, but these levels aren't unusual.
Okay, so this is a person who has been on the PBS NewsHour for the last five years now.
I don't know how she gets paid.
She has a sub stack that they promote on the PBS NewsHour.
So it's likely that she's doing okay in terms of subscribers that actually pay for her work.
I find it striking that, you know,
at this stage after many years of, I assume, making a significant amount of money here, although I think she's also a university professor somewhere, that she shows up with freshly showered hair and shoots her staircase, and I don't know if that's her back door or what that is, but it's very, very strange to me.
It suggests to me that we are
that we are very, very off script and that they are running on fumes in some regard.
And that these people are maintaining something that they never thought they would have to maintain for this many years.
And they never thought that they would be saying the same things over and over for this many years.
And they're going along with it, but they're starting to wonder what in the hell's going on.
Especially if the money's dried up, I bet they're wondering what the hell's going on.
Why are these people still calling me?
What is unusual is that COVID is not necessarily dominating.
The main culprit is flu.
So it leaves accounting for many more emergency departments as well as hospitalizations compared to RSV and COVID, for example.
And this is definitely a shift from the past four years.
What do we know about booster shots and flu shots last fall and what effect that's having now?
Yeah, well, unfortunately, vaccination rates are suboptimal.
Only one in four U.S.
adults have the COVID vaccine.
Excuse me, what?
Did she just say one in four adults in the United States has the COVID vaccine?
Now, I don't know what that really means, but I'm sure that that's what she just said.
This is from PBS NewsHour one or two days ago.
And I want you to think about this because at some point in time, I'm sure you could go on YouTube and find it where Judy Woodruff of the PBS News Hour would tell you that we may have gotten to 70% vaccination rate in America.
Now that's a pretty big difference.
You know, you might be off by 10%, maybe it should have been 60%, but what she just said is one in four.
Could that be boosters?
Is it required to have a booster?
It's still a good sign.
I think this is really extraordinary.
I'm going to play it again just to make sure you heard it and that I wasn't crazy.
In less than 50% of Americans have the flu vaccine.
This is far lower than our goal of 70%.
Unfortunately, vaccination rates are suboptimal.
Only one in four U.S.
adults have the COVID vaccine and less than 50% of Americans have the flu vaccine.
This is far lower than our goal of 70%.
I think what's even more concerning is that fewer and fewer children are getting the flu vaccines every year.
And this is a trend we're seeing across all types of vaccinations.
But lower flu vaccination rates, for example, means more disruptions for parents, more strained hospital systems, and more pediatric deaths.
Last year was one of the... Make no mistake about it, she is reading, right?
If you watched her, you could rewind this later and watch her eyes.
She's definitely reading a script that's just under the screen to the left.
...worst years for flu deaths among kids in the past decade.
And so there's no doubt that more vaccinations would certainly help our systems.
One other ingredient in this viral stew this season is the norovirus.
Is that what's commonly called the stomach flu?
Yeah.
Dude, this video is from yesterday.
This is PBS NewsHour United States yesterday.
It could be the day before yesterday, but it is no older than 48 hours.
Think nausea, diarrhea, throwing up.
It is not fun.
It is also unusually high right now.
We're seeing far more outbreaks than usual.
We don't really know why this is the case, but typically when this happens, it means that the virus had mutated ever so slightly to infect more people.
The thing with norovirus is it spread through surfaces, and it's incredibly contagious, and it's really hard to kill.
So hand sanitizer actually doesn't work against norovirus.
So you have to wash your hands for at least 20 seconds.
And using bleach products for surfaces will certainly do the trick as well.
There are two other viruses.
Interesting point that Pamela makes in the chat.
What percentage of food poisoning is declassified, misclassified as, you know, usefully classified as norovirus?
Very, very interesting idea there.
I like that a lot.
in the headlines, something called HMPV on the rise in China, which, of course, is raising unhappy comparisons with the beginning of COVID, and the bird flu.
Just last week, we had the first bird flu death.
How concerned should people be about those?
Yeah, HMPV, right, it's called human metanomavirus, has made headlines in China and India, but this is not a new virus.
It's been around for a while.
Every year in the US, we see a flare up in late winter and early spring, and it causes less severe disease than flu or COVID.
Think like the common cold, right?
So while it's never fun to be sick at home, this virus really should take up very little headspace in the average American.
Bird flu.
You're right.
We're seeing lots of headlines around that.
Thankfully we're still just seeing human cases that are directly infected from animals.
We're not seeing human to human transmission.
And the highest risk of Americans are agriculture workers working with poultry or dairy farms, as well as Americans that drink raw milk, because there's high levels of H5N1, bird flu virus, in those.
Is the government doing enough about the bird flu?
I mean, there certainly could be doing a lot more, especially, and the highest risk of Americans are agriculture workers working with poultry or dairy farms, as well as Americans that drink raw milk because there's high levels of H5N1, bird flu virus, in those.
There's high levels of H5N1 bird flu virus in raw milk.
Boy, you better watch out.
Is the government doing enough about the bird flu?
I mean, there certainly could be doing a lot more, especially the animal side, like USDA.
We are still flying blind.
For example, we do not know how many true dairy herds are out there infected.
And because
it is running rampant among animals, it's spilling over to humans.
And the problem, every time it jumps from an animal to human, has the ability to mutate.
And the time to prevent a pandemic is now, and there's certainly a whole lot more our government could be doing.
Kaitlin Gentolina, always very helpful when we talk to you.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for having me.
Okay, we're gonna do another, oh wow, there you go.
They died from RSV, so let's vaccinate them for it, right?
Because that's, yeah, it's crazy.
It's absolutely crazy.
I think I have a coffee here.
That's fantastic, thank you very much.
So the next video I have is of course, also recent.
in vaccines generally, because we're seeing some of the COVID vaccine.
It doesn't look very healthy to me.
He looks a lot skinnier, like Robert Malone looks skinnier.
Maybe they're all on the same carnivore diet.
I don't know.
Let's listen to what he says.
Remember, intramuscular injection is dumb.
Concerns spill over now into other vaccines.
How do we regain people's confidence in vaccines generally?
I mean think about how limited his language is if he talks about how misinformation spills over to into other vaccines and like just think about how You should go watch a movie like or read a book like like I
um you know any book with a with a higher level of of english language than than that where news speak in america has become so sad because they only use violent words and and biologically inaccurate words and it's just ridiculous how how often it's done we've become
I think, immune to it.
We don't see it anymore.
It's not there.
But they do it constantly.
It's inbuilt now into the discussion that everything spreads.
Computer viruses spread.
Ideas spread.
Misinformation spread.
Disinformation can be spread.
Viruses spread.
Free-range RNA spreads.
It's crazy.
When, let's be honest, a lot of people know people that had COVID, got a vaccine, either still got sick or got injured.
You're right.
And I think the fact that we have low vaccination rates in the U.S.
is going to contribute to have probably a little bit more COVID and more severe symptoms as the population immunity will wane.
So he also says here that we have low vaccination rates in the United States.
I swear to goodness that in 2021,
And in 2022, they were talking 60% and then 70% vaccination rate uptake.
And now they're talking about how the vaccination rate is quite low.
And I think if you actually did your homework, you'd find out that at some point they were claiming that the decrease in COVID cases was because of the uptake of vaccines.
Now we got to herd immunity with only a quarter of the US population taking the vaccine.
That seems all out of whack.
Again, they would have every motivation to tell us that the vast majority of our neighbors, seven out of 10, have taken the vaccine.
If it was really only one out of every four of your neighbors are taking the vaccine, it would have been a hell of a lot harder to coerce us into taking it.
And it would have made the job of Team Robert Malone during 2020, 2021, and 2022 a lot harder and more important to make sure that the lab leak idea caught fire and that the unlimited potential that that could represent, that it's not just your average everyday coronavirus, this is a gain of function
with a fear and cleavage site and some HIV inserts and quite a bit of homology with Staphylococcin and Teratoxin B.
Interesting times we are living in, ladies and gentlemen.
And I think a very, very, very big crack in the dam is sitting right there waiting for us to drive a wedge through it.
So let's see if we can.
I think that people are not getting, right now, we have a reduction in the vaccination rates because they have concerns with the COVID vaccine.
There is a population that has concerns with COVID vaccine.
They never got that vaccine.
But the vast majority, they got the vaccine.
It's just that they don't feel compelled to do it because they don't feel the need.
Because, of course, we have controlled COVID so far.
And because also there is oral treatment.
So right now we have even higher scripts and utilization of PaxLovid, which is, let's say, our oral treatment.
Who the hell is prescribing PaxLovid for COVID?
Holy crap.
Can you imagine?
It's what they talk about on Twiv all the time with that Dr. Griffin guy.
Nobody in the health freedom movement is objecting to the use of Pax Lovid for a virus that apparently very much exists and has very specific antivirals aimed at it.
Once you start to see it, ladies and gentlemen, you'll understand that we have all been had
in a in a magnificently malevolent sort of way like a giant sting.
If you've never seen that movie, you got to check it out.
It's Robert Redford's finest.
It's Newman's finest one of the greatest movies of all time in America time that someone has COVID it's very highly correlated with how many scripts we have.
How many scripts you've had?
Wow, I don't even know what that means.
I'm just gonna leave it there.
So
I just thought I'd also point out, in case you're unaware, that if we go back to around, let's just pause it there for a second.
I'm going to go back to that.
If we go back to around 2019, you can find a thumbnail of a movie where the daughter of Sasha Latupova
known as Soph, is on the same thumbnail as Laura Loomer and this Milo, whatever his name was, from before the pandemic.
And Laura Loomer, if you will recall, was the one who was very recently kind of censored publicly by Elon Musk.
And then everybody cried about the fact that Laura Loomer was just saying the truth and got censored by Elon Musk.
Laura Loomer was also in front of the Senate with Brett Weinstein and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Robert Malone and Dodd and Hazan and Harvey Reich.
And so, of course, you know that in the beginning of 2023 in January, Robert Malone and his wife and and Meryl Nass and
Asim Malhotra, Mike Palmer, and Sasha Latupova, the mother of Soph, were all on stage together.
And so Laura Loomer is connected to Sasha Latupova via the same network that her daughter was in, whatever that network was, that ultimately led to her being promoted twice on Alex Jones in 2019 as some kind of internet pariah hero.
Laura Loomer was in that network.
Now Laura Loomer is on stage in front of the cameras with Robert Malone, who's been on stage with the mother of Sasha Latupova in Stockholm, Sweden in January 2023, not talking about how there were placebo batches used, but talking about how this is all a military thing and that it's the DoD and the DoD.
It's important that we work very hard to see that transfection was always a crime because it was an old, tested, proven, limited technology with a lot of use in academia and very little use in augmenting the immune system by intermuscular injection that we should have already known wasn't a very good idea before the pandemic because people like Brian Hooker had already figured that out.
What's really crazy is what specifically Brian Hooker figured out was that the CDC had covered up a signal in black male children.
Not in children in general, but black male children.
How often have you heard that message that the vaccine schedule in America
is very, very heavy on the black children and specifically black male children.
They had that message already from when Brian Hooker first drove across the country to talk to that guy named Bill at the CDC and found out that that's what they tweaked in that paper.
It wasn't a signal across
boys and girls and across genders.
They even had the genders and the race.
And they got rid of it.
That's how they covered it up.
They just pretended that they didn't know.
And that guy confessed to it.
So what I'm suggesting is, is that after 10 years, I think they could have gotten farther and they could have been already at the start of the pandemic ready to say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You guys are crazy.
But they didn't.
They pitched a big top tent of health freedom and started raising money.
And I'm suggesting that, you know, just one possibility is, is that they use synthetic DNA and RNA recombinant technologies to make enough of a DNA or an RNA to make a signal.
And that signal could be deployed, sprayed, spilled, whatever, in a place that it wanted to be found.
And an agent of theirs, you know, somebody whose research they funded, like Shengxi Li, could find that sequence and report that she found that sequence and just kind of shrug on behalf of the Chinese government.
And that could be released on a background.
And if you just use nonspecific PCR tests specifically designed to do that, you could just convert that background signal to whatever you found.
Claim you found it.
And any proprietary thing that you wanted to transfect your population to could just be put into those shots under the pretense of this narrative.
Any fear and cleavage site, any HIV insert or Staphylococcin and Teratoxin B overlap.
that supposedly was just left into the spike protein that they transfected everybody to.
But all those people who were talking about that in 2020 seem to have forgotten about those stories they were telling.
Now it's just amyloidosis or prion disease.
They don't have a good explanation for why they were so off.
That's why- So the reason why it's called self-amplifying is because it's self-amplifying.
That's why we are here.
The reason why it's called self-amplifying is because it's self-amplifying.
Is that not a very similar way or similar answer to what David Baltimore says at the beginning of my stream where he says, purify, well, purify a virus by making a pure virus, by purifying it to make a pure virus.
That's how you purify it.
My son heard that yesterday for the first time and came downstairs and was like, what is that guy talking about?
And then he couldn't even reiterate what he said because he couldn't get his mind to sort of reassemble something as dumb as what he said.
So we had to watch it back together.
And he goes, yeah, see, he just says, purify is purifying, purify peering.
And so now Jessica Rose is gonna talk with an incredible amount of imprecision, even though she's a virologist from already 10 years ago.
You can look back at her scientific CV.
You can look at those papers and see that for at least some period of time during her postdoc touring, it doesn't seem like she ever looked for tenure anywhere or tried to become a professor.
She was using NATO money to be a postdoc.
It's a curious thing to have on your papers.
Curious thing to be funded by NATO.
I didn't know NATO gave away postdoc funding.
That would have been kind of cool to figure out if I could have qualified for that because I ran out of money.
It was one of my problems.
And so I believe this is the best example of EpiGirl because again, she came out very early in the pandemic specifically about what?
About VAERS.
was not questioning the virus or the virus's novelty or anything like that.
And if it was, it was sufficiently late not to save any college kid from the bamboozlement, not to save any elderly person from the bamboozlement, not to save any health worker that was really trying to work on the front lines from the bamboozlement either.
And of course, at some point last year, I got a text message on Twitter from a guy by the name of Chet Chisholm.
And he said that Viva Fry wanted to interview me, and he gave me Viva Fry's number.
And then I texted Viva Fry, and he said that we could do it next week, and then he never called me again.
And I've texted him a couple times since, but there's no response.
But Viva Fry is doing very, very well.
talking to Dr. Drew and all these other people and you know all over the place he's very serious and of course he's interviewed Jessica Rose like a hundred times.
So let's hear what Jessica's got to say about the self amplifying RNA.
The way that it's self-amplifying is that there's this virus type called an alpha virus.
This is in the, what is it called?
The toga, anyway, it's in a specific family of viruses that is unique in that it carries a gene called the RDRP gene, which is the RNA dependent RNA polymerase.
Now, interestingly, if you do your research in virology and you try to understand what they tell as a story, and I've got lots of books
that I've gone back to over and over again to try and understand thoroughly what they tell is a story that is virology that requires all those books over there.
And the basic thing they tell us about coronaviruses is is that there is an open reading frame 1A sometimes referred to as 1AB.
And it encodes a number of proteins which assemble
into what they call a polyprotein.
And the RNA dependent RNA polymerase is supposedly this complex of enzymes that does the, you know, because there's like a proofreading enzyme that's like,
XON, which is NSP14 or non-structural protein 14 or something like that.
So there are lots of components of the coronavirus RNA dependent RNA polymerase that make it capable of proofreading, very accurate in translating giant genomes, yada, yada, yada.
But it's not one protein.
And it's interesting because if you go through the virology
literature as I have, you will find people that talk about it as a complex or people that hand wave like our friend Dr. Rose has with this idea that the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase is a thing.
And I've also done it.
One of the reasons why I've done it is because people like Mark Van Ronst from the WHO, the commissioner of Belgium during the 2009 flu, that guy actually has a couple papers where he proposes that the RNA dependent RNA polymerase, the conserved region of it, whatever that means, be used as one of the amplicons for a universal coronavirus test.
And so I am stuck in this sort of what I see as kind of a generally two sides of a coin.
Either you're talking about it as a complex cluster of proteins encoded by an open reading frame 1A or 1AB or 1B and 1A.
Or you're talking about it as an RNA dependent RNA polymerase, that's almost the same across all of these different viruses.
And so we can use it as a as a universal marker.
And it even actually shares a lot of homology across all RNA viruses, not surprisingly, according to the evolutionary theory of this.
And again, what I'm suggesting is that this is all hand-waving that is enabled by this enchantment, which has its roots at DNA, therefore evolution, or evolution because DNA.
And so she's trying to explain that, you know, they have this thing where they can just add an RNA dependent RNA polymerase mRNA, and then you know, everything else takes care of itself inside of your cells, it makes the RNA dependent RNA polymerase, and the RNA dependent RNA polymerase makes copies of their transcript, not any of your transcripts.
It can decide whether it wants to copy the RNA from the shot or the RNA from your body, and it decides always to copy their RNA.
At least that's what she's going to say here.
She doesn't make any qualifications about what the production of an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase in our cells that are currently using RNA to
to encode proteins, to produce proteins, to maintain homeostasis.
So how does that RNA-dependent RNA polymerase decide what RNAs to copy?
It's self-amplifying, she says.
which means it has a function such that it can photocopy the genetic material of the virus as part of the way that the virus optimizes its survival.
It's one of these techniques that viruses have evolved, these specific types, to ensure their own survival.
One of the types is called- They ensure their own survival as apparently their pattern integrities that have a mind of their own.
Talk so anthropomorphic about them, it's annoying.
I wonder if viruses have feelings that we could hurt if we refer to them the wrong way.
They have evolved.
She's choosing those words either because she's trapped inside of this bad biology 101 paradigm that I'm trying to help you to see as the foundational myth.
Or she is aware that the human population, the Western world, is trapped within that myth, and she is purposefully reinforcing it with her language, with her words.
Which is psychological warfare, if you will.
That's what lying is about, is that there's an illusion of consensus that these are the things that we know about ourselves and our world.
And one of them is that viruses have evolved
like we've evolved, from nothing to something.
And if you believe that, then it's very easy to believe how you could spill an RNA in Wuhan, and it would be now currently coating the globe, all the lungs.
That's what Jessica believes.
That's what Viva believes.
Otherwise, why would they be talking about this in such a imprecise, silly, dumb, simple way?
Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus.
Equine is horse.
Venezuelan is Venezuela.
Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
This is bad.
This is one of the viral genomes that they use in the biotech realm to manufacture these self-amplifying products.
So it just, the fact that it carries its own, it just ensures that there's more copies of the template.
They've taken this backbone of this genome of some alpha virus, they've kept in this gene that can photocopy genetic material, they've taken out the guts
of whatever virus it is, like the sub-genomic stuff, which is the stuff that is responsible for building the virus, like the glycoproteins on the outside, the capsid, all the viral guts that's necessary to make an entire viral particle.
And they've substituted in... So again, remember that she's reinforcing the idea that there are viruses, there are novel viruses, they assemble, they hijack your cellular machinery, but they can take the guts
bad biological analogy that again attributes more physiology to viruses than they have.
By taking out the guts she means they take out a good portion of the sequence that they say is the genome and they only use a portion of it.
But she uses the word guts because what it does is reinforces the biological independence of the pattern integrity of viruses.
That's a lie.
It's a lie.
They're just chemicals.
It's a, it's a molecule.
At most it's a molecule in a fat bubble with proteins on the outside.
But to be talking about like getting rid of the guts of the virus is really disingenuous, but it's on purpose.
in the case of the product they put into the Japanese population, the spike gene.
So effectively, what this does is it's the same, the LNP thing is the same, you inject it into the muscle, traffics all over your body, dumps this genetic material into your cell, but instead of this mRNA,
that was the genetic material in the modified mRNA shots being translated into protein.
First you have this RDRP thing being the photocopying machine of the genetic material which is subsequently translated into protein.
So what you effectively have is non-stop production of the amplification of the genetic material for non-stop production of spike protein.
The manufacturers of these horrid things claim that this is awesome because you don't need as high a dose initially.
How does it stop from copying the RDRP gene and the spike gene together?
Because do they come in separate then?
And even if they come in separate, doesn't that mean that there will also be a lot of RNA dependent RNA polymerase and a lot of spike protein, and then it will make even more of it.
And then will that RNA be excreted and released and sent out?
And then will that go other places?
Will it go together or separate?
You see,
Again, she's talking in such a ridiculously simple way that kind of assumes that what the pharmaceutical companies wanted to do, claim they're doing, and what the cartoons say should happen is definitely what happens.
And so I'm just here to tell you what happens.
I'm here to draw the cartoon in your mind so that you accept the narrative as I give it to you.
You don't need 30 micrograms or 100 micrograms in terms of Pfizer and Moderna, respectively.
You only need 0.1 micrograms.
But the thing is, it doesn't matter, because this stuff is going to be making its own stuff, which is going to be translated into protein ad infinitum.
Total metabolic expense of the cell
ad infinitum.
See, that's the crazy part.
It's amazing technology.
It can just exhaust the cell until it's full of RNA that encodes an RNA dependent polymerase and the spike protein and the proteins that result from all those RNAs being present apparently.
And so there must just be cells around the body that are full of RNA and full of two kinds of, I guess she says proteins, spike protein and an RNA dependent RNA polymerase, however big or small that is.
Pretty extraordinary claim.
And saying all that while after five years of being part of the health freedom movement and having podcasts on CHD, she still can't say that the U.S.
vaccine schedule in particular is a crime.
Even though she's like got passports to multiple countries where their vaccine schedule is definitely less shots and less early applied.
But she hasn't been able to enunciate that at all in five years, although theirs has really got a signal now.
And that's why Jessica Rose and Nick Hudson and Kevin McKernan and Matt Crawford.
And any other person with, you know, all this polymath style background where they're a master of everything and they've been doing all this stuff since they were teenagers, none of them are able to ever get to the point where they say, yeah, the population pyramid,
has this problem in it that these people have seen coming for two decades and have seen it as a problem in need of management because it could have potentially bankrupt some of our countries depending on how much money we threw into the last years of these people's lives.
Especially the ones that can't afford that treatment and need to have Medicare or Medicaid to cover them or the NHS to cover them.
They've been euthanizing old people in the UK for years already.
And so they needed an excuse to do that in America, a combination of protocols and mythologies about why those protocols were necessary.
And that's how we got here.
That's why right back to the origins of modern democracy and the English revolutions of the 17th century, English revolution of the 17th century.
At that time, great concern was expressed over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers with their little printing presses and their pamphlets and their public speeches, which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the Parliament and the King were carrying out their much narrower struggle than when you read about in history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry, but by men of their own kind, men who know the people's sores.
Know the people's sores, S-O-R-E-S.
Quoting from Leveller pamphlets, and observing their activities,
One contemporary historian warned that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule, which is a big problem.
Well, well after these radical Democrats had been crushed by about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
the greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
Therefore they must believe.
And I think that that's where we are with regards to AIDS and public health and war and finance.
Taxes, elections, and probably a lot of the bureaucracy of our government are essentially part of this illusion that
oversimplification of allows most voters to not understand how they're governed at all.
And social media is now enabling an absolute mystification of the populace.
a fracturing of the populace in a way that cannot stand and we cannot allow to happen because not only are the adults broken like this, but children are broken like this too.
Children are going to school knowing that all the adults around them don't think like my parents do.
And that's only going to get worse as this exacerbates this psychological rift between the people in the United States and the rest of the Western world.
And the United States is particularly broken again because of the illusions that have been created by mainstream media and social media.
We don't know how many people are vaccinated in the United States because a couple of years ago, they were telling us they got to 70%.
Now they're using numbers as low as 25%, according to your local epidemiologist on PBS NewsHour two days ago.
All I know for sure is that our organized habits and opinions are being manipulated by these people because that's how we are governed.
And if we don't wake up and start to take responsibility for what we know and don't know, and we stop listening to these people that have been put in front of us artificially by our use of military programs as a substitute for communication, we are never gonna save our kids.
We're going to end up with this health freedom movement, this Maha, and we're going to get rid of a few processed foods and we're going to regulate some things.
Get that fluoride out of our water for goodness sakes.
Boy, wow, what a problem solving, you know, outfit they are.
And you got to see that the heroes that are currently being inserted in front of us either were nowhere to be found in 2020 or
they were on the state provided narrative, which seeded the necessary narratives, the stories, the myths that would lead the vast majority of people on the left and the right in the entire Western world to think that a lab leak was possible, that maybe that possibility was covered up.
And therefore, because the possibility was covered up, it also could be likely an explanation for what we're experiencing.
And that was a designed trap.
And it took me five years to figure it out or four years to figure it out.
But now when you look back and you start to put the pieces together, they fall right into place, especially because some of these people are still talking as though we don't have that memory.
That they never talked to me five years ago, but they did.
One of the worst examples of that, one of the biggest clues I think that are available is every one of the people on this publication.
They all need to be interviewed.
I'd love to interview every one of them.
Send me an email.
The two I'd love to interview the most are Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan so that we could revisit the things that they said in 2020 and why they said them.
Claire Craig is available on Amazon.
You can just Google her on Amazon or search on Amazon.
It'll convert to the UK version.
And then it'll give you a nice biography of the author.
Dr. Claire Craig
studied medicine at Cambridge University before moving to Oxford for her final three years of clinical training.
After qualifying, she practiced in the NHS for 15 years, specializing as a diagnostic pathologist and becoming a fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists.
Subsequently, she was the day-to-day lead for pathology and clinical data in the cancer arm of the 100,000 Genomes Project and worked in AI cancer diagnostics.
From May of 2020, she worked full-time pro bono on COVID research, distilling the evidence for a lay audience.
Since January 2021, she has co-chaired HEART with Dr. Jonathan Engler.
HEART is a multidisciplinary body of experts who have provided an independent source of information on COVID issues.
Despite attempts to smear her, supported by government,
She has continued speaking out and remained a consistent voice of reason and calm throughout the COVID era.
Her first book summarizing her findings, Expired, COVID the Untold Story, was published in June of 2023.
Let's see what she was saying in June of 2021.
Shall we?
This is an author on the Corman-Jorstin Review, which was published on the 27th of November, 2020.
This is about six months later.
Do I have to say Craig?
Is that what you're saying instead of Craig?
Craig?
Now the truth is that we don't fully understand the transmission of this disease and we don't fully understand the transmission of other respiratory viruses either.
So we don't understand the transmission of COVID and we don't understand the transmission of other respiratory viruses either.
Interesting start.
It's important we talk about that first.
I'm going to talk about the lack of evidence for asymptomatic transmission and then the importance of hospital spread.
Now, all of the modelling has been done on the basis that SARS-CoV-2 spreads like measles.
Measles spreads person to person.
There's a continuous chain of transmission that happens throughout the year, and somebody who's infected will go into an environment, home or school, where there are susceptible people, who will then catch it, and you will have more secondary cases than that primary case.
An alternative model would be influenza.
Now we don't fully understand influenza.
It does spread person to person.
There is evidence of that, but it's not the whole story because in influenza, it disappears over the summer.
So are you hearing that there's some skepticism as to what exactly is happening with influenza, some skepticism as to what's happening with respiratory disease in general, but we know that there is contagion.
And so again, what I want you to see is the seating of the hamster wheel.
Taking little bits and pieces of ideas that feel kind of like skepticism of the virus.
But not really.
And that's what makes her so obviously a meddler.
Because she's not taking a very firm stance on anything, but making sure that you can see all the subtle shades of gray that are required in order for you to never usefully question the basic premise of there being a novel virus to which everyone is vulnerable to a certain extent or another, that could kill millions depending on how bad it is, and definitely could come from a virus, blah blah blah, and definitely could come again.
and then it comes back in winter as a surge.
And those surges happen at the same latitudes across the world, simultaneously with the same genetic profile.
And that can't be explained by person-to-person transmission, and it happened well before we had international travel the way we do now.
Wait, what?
So everybody became infected with the same thing even before we had international travel.
So what is she saying?
Is she saying that it seems like it was already there in the background and that could explain why everybody measured the same thing in different places?
Or what is she saying?
Could also be a non-specific test for a background signal, right?
She's definitely not saying that.
And why would she?
She's somebody who claims to be able to sequence a virus or sequence a person to find genetic markers of disease, or at least believes that AI will eventually help her to do that.
With influenza, the primary case... In case you can't see it, she's holding notecards and she's going through a stack of notecards as she does this.
does not result in a huge number of secondary cases in the household the way it does with measles.
We know it's spread through aerosols.
And in fact, in winter, in indoor environments, after an hour, you will have had an effective dose of influenza.
if you're in a public indoor environment.
So it's not about the environment, it's about the susceptible.
Think about the certainty with which she said that.
If you're indoors for an hour in a public place, you will have a dose of influenza or something like that.
The certainty with which she presents some of these ideas while simultaneously or
or intermittently saying that we don't understand how this works or we don't understand how that works or you know there's two different models for viruses you could model it like measles or model it like flu and we don't understand how either of those really work either.
That's more or less what she's said so far.
of the person who's in that environment.
And what we've also seen for hundreds of years is that people who are out at sea with no contact with anyone else can have outbreaks of influenza.
So what's the evidence for COVID?
Well, we have seen these surges, which cannot be entirely accounted for by behavioural change.
With the measles model, when you reduce restrictions, there should be a rebound in infections.
And in the summer in the UK, we didn't see that with the V celebrations, the packed beaches, the marches, there was no rebound.
And more recently in the USA, sorry,
More recently in the USA, we had Biden calling the governors of Texas and Mississippi's Neanderthals when they released all their restrictions and there was no negative consequence and the trajectory continued as it did for all the states that had strict restrictions throughout.
Look at those error bars there.
I mean, it's hilarious, right?
And remember that she's presenting here is his PCR data.
as if PCR data is a high-fidelity signal that we can use to measure the spread of something, in this case, a novel pathogen detected by PCR.
COVID has low household transmission like influenza, only about 8 to 15% of contacts end up catching it.
Like influenza, we had an Argentinian fishing vessel where everybody tested negative before they set sail, and 35 days later, there was an outbreak of COVID.
Like influenza, COVID spreads through aerosols.
We've seen quarantine hotels where patients have caught the same genetic virus as somebody elsewhere in the hotel that they have never met.
So now she's saying that they've tracked it to genetically identical viruses between people, even though the biology of RNA replication suggests that that shouldn't really be possible.
But again, reinforcing the narrative, taking a publication for face value, not explaining how that might be limited.
In fact, reinforcing the idea that they can high-fidelity sequence a virus in anybody that's sick and follow it around through a whole hotel room.
Or a whole hotel.
A quarantine hotel.
This is just reinforcing there's a novel virus that everybody's vulnerable to that spreads around.
Although it doesn't spread like we thought it spread, although sometimes it spreads like that, I guess.
What is she saying here?
We've seen it filling the air filtration systems of hospitals.
And not with- We've seen it filling the air filtration systems in hospitals.
Holy- Stop lying!
Wow!
With SARS-CoV-2, but with other coronaviruses, people have taken air and managed to grow virus in cell culture 10 miles away from where they were infected farm animals.
Now, Canada have been quite open with their data.
They've shared data on test and tracing, which shows that they only... They shared data from testing and tracing.
It's interesting because they never used nested primers in Canada.
A lot of times they only had two...
amplicons and this is one of the things that they are going to bamboozle us about repeatedly and suggest that they always had high fidelity tests and they always use them with a high level of scrutiny and a high level of trying to reduce the error rate by making them
as precise as possible.
And I would argue that that's absolutely positively not true.
And that's why they had to have people like Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean doing podcasts and going on stage, talking about these signals in a very nonchalant, accept the high fidelity signal sort of way.
including the sequencing of the virus, which I find extraordinary because that is a process that is dependent on between 99 and 110 primer pairs.
So that's a lot of PCR reactions with a lot of primers.
And it's just, I am frustrated that people haven't gotten sophisticated enough to see this hand-waving yet.
but the hand-waving that they were doing in 2020 and 2021 is so obvious.
And there are so many videos that are available just on YouTube, just on Rumble, just on BitChute, just on Odyssey, just anywhere you look.
that will categorically show you that these people had no useful biological insight into the pandemic that would have gotten us out.
And in fact, they were telling us things that we now understand as absolutely ridiculous exaggerations of fidelity of understanding that they didn't even have before the pandemic, nevermind after.
we found a source of infection in half of their patients.
And that was true during their winter peak, but it was actually also true recently when case numbers have not been very high.
And it's been true despite lockdowns.
So lockdowns do reduce human contact.
And what you can see in this top graph is data from emergency attendances.
And the top graph is for gastroenteritis.
So we have the beginning of 2020 up until now.
And the blue line shows the Google mobility data.
So as people locked down and as mobility increased, the correlation with gastroenteritis cases is really, really tight.
Now, you wouldn't expect that to be an epidemic-type spread, but you can see that it did have an impact on that disease up until recently.
COVID's in the bottom graph.
I mean one of the goofy things about this is again at best this is a correlation that in no way shape or form are we making any effort to verify with other measures or other observations.
And she just says that it caused it, it caused it, it had effects on.
And this is the illusion that is just rampant throughout medical science and biological sciences, biomedical sciences in general, is this use of correlation as causation.
And then the discussion of that as certainty, mechanistically even.
You see that when, as we increased mobility in the summer, there was no rebound.
We didn't have much change in mobility and then saw a rebound.
So we don't have the relationship in the same way.
We don't have the relationship in the same way, or there's no relationship there.
There's no relationship to be had, but she insists that there is, because again, the illusion of virology requires that there be some relationship there.
Can you see it yet?
why we're told that behavior is what's driving spread.
The evidence does not support that, and this measles model has failed.
Now, is there anything else we could learn from influenza?
Well, I think there might be.
I think we need to look back to 1957.
There was a novel flu virus, and there was huge concern because it was believed that everybody was going to be susceptible.
And then they had a bad winter.
that year.
At the end of it, they tested people to see who had had an infection, and 8% of the population had antibodies.
It then went away for the summer, and then it came back as a variant the following winter, and another 7% developed antibodies, and so on, not every single year.
There are some years it missed out, but it was 11 seasons before it was done.
So was it a coincidence that in May 2020, 7% of us had antibodies to COVID, or is that actually exactly what we should have expected based on influenza?
Now, some people who avoided that first pass and weren't susceptible then seem to have become susceptible later.
And it seems to me that you could put a hypothesis that this susceptibility will stretch over years.
and it's quite unreasonable to take a decade's worth of susceptibility and assume it's all going to come at once because
Wow.
So she's actually suggesting that the pandemic will not manifest in a sweep across the human population, but it'll be over years as different people are affected.
Just like the story she told about the 1957 flu that took 11 years to go away.
COVID might be here for many years as different people encounter it severely for the first time.
Stop lying.
Do you hear it?
is very similar to what Mark Kulak has suggested, that the time horizon that was originally desired for the pandemic and for COVID and for lockdowns and for the production of the countermeasures was much longer, and that maybe warp speed in some ways or another rushed them and put them off script a bit.
at the start of 2021.
But you know, I don't think that matters too much here.
You can hear very clearly, there's no clear message here, there's no stop, there's no non-compliance message, there's no get out, there's no nothing.
It's a very subtle and nuanced description of the trap you're in, so much so that you just want to get another cup of tea
and hope that the lady with the pointy glasses saves you.
And in fact, a lot of the ladies that have been put in front of us have pointy glasses, which is interesting.
But that is what was done.
Now I think we're all familiar with this assertion from the government that one in three of us had no symptoms but were passing it on.
And there really is no evidence to support that.
Healthy people can and have tested positive.
They could have been immune, it could have been a testing error.
And evidence of positivity is not evidence of spreading a disease.
So these studies that have been done, which show a percentage of people have no symptoms, have shown really different figures.
Some studies showed 4% had no symptoms, and it's gone right up to 76%.
Now, a range that big makes no sense.
If you were measuring a symptom, like a cough, you'd expect a constant percentage.
What you're actually seeing there is not a function of the disease.
It's a function of the testing.
The more tests you do, the more asymptomatic positives you find.
So where's the evidence of asymptomatic positives?
So she's still not saying that that's nothing.
She's still not saying that on a background that these things would read on, then that's not unusual.
asymptomatic spread?
Well, what people tend to reference are modeling studies.
Now, what these modeling studies do is they make an assumption that asymptomatic spread occurs.
They then do lots of complicated mathematics and make beautiful graphs which show the effect that that would have on an epidemic, and they conclude that it's really important.
But the whole thing is a fairy tale based on that initial assumption that it occurs.
Where's the real-world evidence that it occurs?
So there's only two possibilities here.
Either your test works and it's finding a signal that is there, irrespective of symptoms, which would qualify, in my humble opinion, as a background signal if you have no data with those tests from before the pandemic.
And yet she seems to be completely unable to draw that conclusion, despite she has 15 years as a certified pathologist.
That's somebody who's supposed to track this kind of shit down.
supposed to understand the causes of disease to figure it out.
And yet she can't understand it's not false positives.
It's PCR that's being used incorrectly on a background that it can read positive on.
That's it.
It doesn't need to be any more specific than that.
And somebody who's worked in the 100,000 Genomes Project ought to know that.
ought to be able to succinctly explain that, but she still hasn't.
Reports in the literature of it having occurred.
Now, a lot of these reports are of people who have tested positive with no symptoms having been in contact with someone else who tested positive with no symptoms.
And that is being described as the transmission of a disease.
There are a couple of situations where people had symptoms.
There was a mum with a runny nose for a day.
There was a baby with a cough.
But there were no cases of a severe acute respiratory syndrome or pneumonia or somebody needing medical care because they caught it from somebody who had no symptoms.
Look at those cards.
Flip, flip, flip.
Let's just talk briefly about hospital transmission.
This graph shows patients in English hospitals across the winter.
In red, you see patients with COVID.
In black, no COVID.
And in green, here are the empty beds.
I think it's in this same presentation or the one before the one after it where she says that PCR testing is a bit like restaurant food where you either have to do it expensively and it'll be a very slow test and then you'll get high accuracy
Or you could have a lot of tests and they could be cheap and very fast, but they won't be very accurate.
And so, like you make trade-offs when you go out to eat, you make trade-offs in a pandemic when you decide what to test, how to test, what tests to use.
And that was part of this presentation.
Not questioning the,
cardinal attributes of the narrative, if you will, the cornerstones of the narrative, which is that there are viruses.
They are made of RNA.
They spread.
There are novel ones.
It's just a question of what you mean by novel.
And it's very, very similar to what Kevin McKernan was saying on as many podcasts, including the three times he was on the Vance Crowe podcast and said that PCR works.
It's just a question of, you know, how novel is this virus?
both of them on the Corman-Jorstin Review.
And that also says something about them in my mind.
Now, if we just go under the assumption that nothing and nobody is in this narrative by chance, then again, remember this is basically in February of 2020 when the real, you know, scooby-doo starts.
And by then we already had Steve Bannon and Stephen Hatfield saying it's a lab leak.
We already had Robert Malone getting a phone call from his man in Wuhan.
We already had
Whitney Webb writing an article about the DARPA's man in Wuhan in January, February of 2020.
And so then in May of 2020 is when Pierre Kory supposedly went to New York City.
And then in June of 2020 is when Pierre Kory wrote his affidavit in support of the idea that George Floyd suffocated, even though he's not a certified physician in Minnesota.
And so then in the middle of June of 2021 is when you saw that video from Claire Craig, again, one of the authors of the Corman-Jorston review published in November 2020.
And so basically no questioning of anything here other than the seeding of a narrative that includes pulse ox and supplementary oxygen being a reasonable substitute for the shortage of ventilators.
and George Floyd having suffocated from cops.
All part of this narrative in 2020 that has nothing to do with questioning the fundamental principles of public health, of a pandemic, or the biology that supports or doesn't support that idea.
Instead, a big top tent of health freedom was pitched by people who knew about a fear and cleavage site.
and HIV inserts.
And that health freedom tent is where we find ourselves now going on six years later.
And what I find interesting is that at the end of last year, less than a couple weeks ago, maybe a month ago, Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project was on a huge podcast still available on YouTube that they said was going to be censored, but of course it never was.
telling all kinds of stories that I believe are just part of this this sparse pandemic exercise narrative that they're all engaged in reinforcing over the last five years.
And so this author of the Corman-Joriston review that also did it with Claire Craig, wrote it with Claire Craig, is now five years later on a podcast saying things that I consider extremely inaccurate, overly simplified, and
could easily qualify as misleading the young in order that they accept the narrative of a pandemic that was detectable and detected by PCR, tracked by sequencing, and now we're here in 2025, moving forward.
And so that's why I don't pull any punches anymore and say that this is a spectacular commitment to lies.
Here's the first one that I think is one of the more important ones.
It was a group in Seattle that showed that their lab people were testing positive for COVID, but didn't have COVID.
And they only tested positive.
If you remember the COVID test, they actually had three assays usually testing for the virus.
They would look at the spike, they'd look at nucleocaps, and they'd look at the envelope.
region.
So if all three lit up, they're pretty confident the virus is there.
Occasionally, one of them would drop out, like the S-target would drop out once in a while.
They had that happen in Europe.
It was called S-target failure.
So there he's overriding another part of the narrative that we'll get back into a minute.
But first, he says that there are three targets, and if the three targets were there, you were reasonably sure that the virus was there.
So this is already imprecise number one, because if you go to that link that I provided and suggested that people go look,
You're going to find quite a few products that were given an EUA that had more than one target, more than one PCR target.
But what you need to understand is in the context of 2020, they weren't used like Kevin McKernan just implied that they were used.
Any one of those targets in 2020 was considered a positive.
You didn't need all three.
And in fact, the multiple target PCR tests gave them the opportunity to ratchet up the numbers, depending on whether the proprietary use and application of those tests required one or two or three targets to be present.
A much more creative tool for the biosecurity state than a single target, of which there were at least 40 some
examples of single target PCR tests given EUAs in 2020.
And those all produced positives.
And those positives were considered COVID.
And it was considered irrelevant whether that was, you know, something that could pull something off a background, it was just assumed.
And so now the second thing he mentioned there was S gene target failure, which was actually how
the Omicron variant was tracked, supposedly for a very long time in 2021.
Because of course, they didn't want to, they couldn't reissue a bunch of tests, they had already manufactured tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions of test products, and those test products needed to be used up.
And so what they did was they started calling a test without all three, but only with the N and the E,
which are, curiously enough, much more conserved amplicon sequences across RNA viral species reported in the literature, a much more likely candidate for a background signal.
And so now you can see the issue here.
is that the very tools and the attributes of those tools that could have been very easily used to ramp up and ramp down the numbers of reported cases of COVID and that produced this remnant stream were just kind of hand waved over.
And the specific illusion of Omicron being a highly morphed virus that suddenly the spike protein no longer tested positive for because it had like 30 changes in it is one of the most extraordinary aspects of the narrative.
Because at that time was when I had already very succinctly been able to enunciate the idea that, hey,
If there are SARS viruses in the background that are always in Asia and everywhere, and they are just using that background to claim that something new is spreading, how would we know the difference?
That was when everything started to go haywire for me with my network of people and the people that were helping me and trying to tell me to do other things and focus on other stuff.
It was remarkable.
And so let me be very clear to make sure that people understand what I'm trying to say.
There are multiple targets that you could have had.
And yes, if you wanted to have a very highly precise
PCR tests that required the finding of all of these species of RNA, all of these amplicons had to be present in order for the virus to be there.
It would be a very specific test.
If the known background contains E-proteins and N-proteins and S-proteins and RNA-dependent RNA polymerases in general, and you use any one of these markers to indicate the presence of the new novel virus, then you can take this background and convert it to the new novel virus with just a specific background signal targeting PCR tests.
And now remember the background signal doesn't need to be coronaviruses.
It could be human RNAs, bacterial RNAs, bacteria, human DNA, bacterial DNA.
It could be phage material.
It could be other noise sources that they've characterized and found that are present specifically in respiratory disease.
In fat old people or whatever they want to get rid of in Medicaid patients, right?
And so yes, the questions about how many amplicons are in the tests are important, but another important thing is how many amplicons in those tests were required in order to be a positive and how did that change over the course of 2020 and 2021 and 2022 during the course of the existence of those EUA products, which many of which are not available anymore and not being used anymore.
And how many times did they check the sequence of the amplicon that was amplified to verify that the signal they got in the form of fluorescence was actually the amplicon from one of these signals that they said was from the new virus?
And since the beginning of the pandemic, Claire Craig and Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone have never even come close
to trying to explain how muddy this water is.
And again this link right here is a link that you can use.
I'll put it in the chat.
where you can just go and find a pseudo list of the EUAs and see that there were lots of tests with multiple amplicons, lots of tests with single amplicons, and then now realize that it's a question of how they are used.
If you have three amplicons but only require one, you might get a lot more positives on this background than if you only had one amplicon and required only one amplicon to show up if the rest of these are a background that you don't even look for.
And so in some ways you can see all kinds of different dimensions for this malevolence and the confusion that could be created, especially if you just put somebody from the Human Genome Project on every podcast for the last five years telling us it's a lot simpler than that.
It's just overcycling.
And so that's why I say how many amplicons, how many nested primers, sequence check, and how do they sequence the whole thing?
How did they sequence the whole virus?
Because that's another thing that Claire Craig just waved over.
even though that's a reaction that requires so many primer sets and so many things to go right.
How would you ever know for sure that you got the same virus as another person has?
It's just, it's insane the kind of fidelity that they imply, that they have this super understanding and that they can just make measurements, you know, like, there it is, I see it.
The remnant stream, excuse me, sorry, I'll go back to that.
The remnant stream is what's most important to understand here.
All of these tests were swabs that produced genetic remnants, medical remnants that could be sold to companies that wanted to sequence people, that wanted to do genetic screening for whatever reason.
And it's establishing a permanent remnant stream.
from our corporate run hospitals where everybody's got a test.
And so everybody's got to produce a remnant, even if they just come through the door for one thing or another, they're producing remnants.
And this has been going on for decades.
And it's just been ultra enhanced by this because now universities produce remnant streams as well.
Universities can justify producing remnant streams as well, depending on what they require their kids to test for.
And so I was saying this in 2020.
The best I said it, the first time I said it was probably July of 2020, but I was on to different parts of it already in May.
And I think that's why these people came to my house and not yours.
Transfecting kids is a crime.
And so the Corbin-Dawson report came out in November of 2020.
And then I put my review out that I have as a Scooby-Doo link on my website now.
I put that out in May of 2021, where I said, stop transfection, pause the shots.
I didn't have all the biology, right, but I definitely knew it was time to stop before we started pushing college kids to take it in the fall.
And so of course, Kevin McKernan came on my stream that December and told me that the RNA isn't pure, that they have live dead technologies for these viruses that they could have used with the PCR test that they just never used.
And he told us about how the strains, you know, went from Delta to Omicron and that the sequencing and how the sequencing is so reliable and how the virus has evolved.
And I bought it hook, line and sinker.
I thought he was a super genius that just humbled me that he would even appear on my stream.
And less than a month later, Charles Rixey came to my house and we streamed about the diffuse proposal.
And then in May of that year, Tim truth hosted a great big violent argument between Kevin McCairn from, from Japan and colleague of Charles Rixey.
and Mark Bailey from New Zealand, part of the no virus crew.
And they had a vigorous debate with inside a very limited spectrum.
And after that stream, I said that I thought that Kevin McCarran really blew it and that he sucked and that I didn't understand.
I thought it must be fake.
What's going on here?
I mean, why was he doing that?
I didn't get it.
And then McCarron came to Pittsburgh in November of that year, and I didn't even understand why he was suggesting that he would come to my house.
It was so strange.
Like, why would I let you stay at my house when you say the things that you say about me on the internet?
Why would I want you in my house?
Yet he thought that it was just a foregone conclusion that he'd be able to crash here, that he'd just be able to drive his rental car right into my driveway.
And so these people have never been able to get past this.
They've just ignored this.
PCR works.
For McCairn, it's just evidence of the worst case scenario, likely.
For Rixey, it's evidence that this was the most contagious virus in human history because of the fear and cleavage thing.
No question, no bringing up this before or after or nothing.
What about the remnant stream that was produced in Israel, for example, that could be connected to all of their
their medical records, or the medical records in Canada, or the medical records in the NHS, or the medical records in the EPIC database, which is of course what all these people from genome projects want.
They want open access to sequencing people and to getting their medical remnants so that they can continue to do this research from those samples.
And so anybody that worked for a project before the pandemic called the 100,000 Genomes Project would understand that perfectly.
Anybody that decided to drop out of grad school and go apprentice with Mark Lander would certainly know that we need to sequence everybody and get it in a computer and then hook up a lot of NVIDIA cards and hope that the AI spits out something useful because these low-hanging fruit like cystic fibrosis, we're going to run out of those pretty quick.
And so this is the second lie, of course, the one that's most extraordinary.
Ralph Beck's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh.
So there was their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health into the WIV, because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Right.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way.
So it's weird that they ignore the fact that
EcoHealth cooperated with Shengxi Li, and Shengxi Li is the one who told us the sequence of the virus.
So in reality, somebody that was funded by Fauci via USAID, which is CIA, and Fauci through EcoHealth, which is NIAID and DARPA and whoever else they were getting their money from,
Funded an agent in China who then reported the virus sequence that then we we decided constituted a global emergency But he's seems to be unaware that what he just said also kind of incriminates shang chi li has an essentially American an American agent know that not that dissimilar from Li Min Yan who actually is his for father-in-law like works for the u.s
NIH Cancer Institute or something like that.
And it's just so weird how some, oh my gosh, it's just bizarre.
way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan, it's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seum technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
And so yesterday I said it, and I'll say it again, this is all just elaborate hocus pocus here.
He's trying to pretend that, you know, baking cakes is something secret.
And so he gave the secret to baking cakes to them when assembling DNA molecules is like the bread and butter of any
pharmaceutical company that makes any biologic because they're gonna have to assemble the DNA that encodes that biologic.
Assembling multiple pieces of DNA using ligation is like one of the most standard bread-and-butter techniques of any bench molecular biologist, whether they work on plants or whether they're trying to transfect mice or whether they're working on a monkey model of
of Alzheimer's disease, it's all the same molecular techniques to, to construct a DNA sequence, no matter how long it is.
And if you need to make a long one, then you have to do some ligation, that's it.
And not leaving a sign behind is not something like Noam's CM technology.
It's when it's what's required in order to get it to work right, because then it's the sequence you want, not with the sequence you want, plus a linker.
And these problems were solved by lots of different molecular biologists.
And there are lots of, of, of products that have spun off the result of solving this problem in a wide variety of ways, using a wide variety of a combination of restriction enzymes and, and, and reagents to make proprietary technologies with all kinds of different names that include golden gate assembly.
Ralph Baric didn't teach anybody anything.
Tony Fauci didn't fund anything that's of value.
This is all a show that includes publishing papers that can be used to imply that gain-of-function research is real and ongoing and potentially a bunch of arrogant scientists who are mixing chemicals in a dish before they know what the potential is.
And it's just absurd.
And this guy is on a huge podcast trying to reinforce it, and then what does he say?
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it, necessarily, from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that got them caught, basically.
And if you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped RFK write his book about this.
And Charles Rixey's a Marine and he's been like a dog on a bone with this problem.
So at the beginning of the pandemic, I believe that he was a MBA student and a shoe salesman who had just recently bought a brand new house in Texas that apparently he couldn't afford because he had to sell it around the same time that I had to give up my house that I was trying to rent to own and made a big deal about how he lost a house.
and that his sacrifice for the pandemic was a house, even though that happened to be exactly what was happening to my family at the time.
And now here we have a Human Genome Project alumni, apprentice of Mark Lander, apprentice of Francis Collins, apprentice of Ventner,
talking on podcast after podcast for five years and not really making any progress past PCR can work, PCR does work, to saying that they have three amplicons, and when three amplicons are there, they can be reasonably sure, but there's live dead technology that also works that they never used.
And now he is telling an absolutely verifiable lie.
about the role that Charles Rixey played in the writing of a book that I got paid for more than a year to help write and fact check and enlisted in the index and in the cast of characters and quoted six different times.
Plus there are a number of references and explanation of those references that would otherwise not be in this book had I not put them in there.
And yet here he is on a podcast with millions of viewers
Having already spoken in front of the Senate with Robert Malone, maybe more than once.
Having been on Steve Kirsch's steering committee for more than a year with me.
Having been on my podcast in 2021, about three weeks or two weeks before Charles Rixey decided to show up at my house in Pittsburgh.
years later is now on a podcast saying Charles Rixey helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write his book and that this guy should have him on his podcast.
This is the same podcast where Danny Krause with the orange glasses was on to tell like all the truths of all American history in two hours straight.
And then again, with Mary Talley Bowden challenging Callie Means about the transfections while not calling them transfections, but still calling them COVID vaccines.
This is all the same show.
Millions of viewers.
It's gonna be censored, you better watch it while you can, says Kevin's ex account.
Still up on YouTube.
Even the shorts are going all over still on YouTube.
And what does he say?
That Rixey helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write this book.
And he was the one who leaked the defuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the defuse proposal?
He leaked the defuse proposal, but according to the Defender podcast, CHD and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was actually Veritas that leaked the defuse proposal.
And Veritas makes no acknowledgements of either Drastic, of which I was a founding member, and the release of the diffuse proposal, like no mention at all.
Even though Tucker Carlson himself has mentioned Drastic, even though there was a Vanity Fair article in 2021 about Drastic.
But now the diffuse proposal is not released by drastic or Rixie, even though this is a human genome project, research and development director, head of R and D multiple companies spun off from that technology with a house on the Atlantic ocean and marble head in ball and Boston.
Like his brothers have cancer companies.
His dad was into microarrays.
This guy is now saying that Charles Rixey rather than Jonathan Cooey of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine was on this early, was part of drastic and exposing.
Do you hear it?
This guy's been on my stream.
He's been on a stream with me with, uh, several times.
He's been in multiple steering committee meetings of Steve Kirsch with me.
And yet after all of those things, my discussion of how infectious clones are just transfection of cell cultures and calling that virology is chemtrail retarded.
After having the opportunity to actually talk and argue and discuss the idea with me live with Stephanie Seneff from MIT, Jessica Rose from Team Robert Malone,
John Bodwin from the Steve Kerr Steering Committee and Kevin McKernan and myself, March 17th, 2023, a St.
Patrick's Day stream.
You can still find it on Rumble.
And he challenges me on the idea of infectious clones and RNA can't spread and all this other stuff and what infectious clones are and aren't and why that's very different than viruses, whatever they say they are.
And he failed.
In fact, he made my argument even better because he brought up XON and that actually increases recombination rate and recombination in these small genomes is disastrous.
And he had to admit that.
And then like a year later, he calls me chemtrail retarded for the same idea.
And CHD promoted him.
CHD interviewed him with Mary Holland and Brian Hooker about the shots.
but no meaningful discussion about transfecting pregnant women or kids and why transfection in general would be a terrible way to augment the immune system.
And that's because that's not his job.
His job is to obfuscate the truth and make sure that nobody usefully questions this.
So there was a grant that was proposed to the DoD to go build a weaponized coronavirus under the banner of we need to build a vaccine against this.
And of course it is with a fear and cleavage site the reason why Charles Rixey says this is the most transmissible contagious virus that's ever been on the planet.
now let's uh let's just move on from this because really there's also another piece in 2022 because the first time and the only time that jessica rose was on my stream was about a month after a little longer than a month after charles ricksey was at my house and then about a month after that is when both robert f kennedy junior and
Senator Ron Johnson called me on the same day in April and said that Robert Malone had sat them down and said I had to watch they had to watch my stream with Charles Rixey from January and They both wanted to work with me on understanding this and that eventually led to me being paid to help edit and cite do the citations in this book for Bobby Robert F. Kennedy jr
Now, if we keep building this timeframe and think about what this is, we're talking about a book that was released a year ago, right?
And we're talking about a podcast that occurred less than three weeks ago, where a guy who, here's the timeline where I was with him on a St.
Patrick's Day stream with Baudwin, Rose, Seneff, McKernan, and Dr. J.
Right?
Then somewhere in here, he calls me chemtrail retarded.
Then somewhere in here, the book is released.
Then somewhere in here, I do a stream about Robert Malone and get fired.
And then a year later, he's saying that actually it's Charles Rixey that helped write this book, even though we know that Charles Rixey was fired by certain people also listed in the book because he was, he brought Kevin McCairn into a book meeting stream, a book editing stream.
and then didn't explain it, didn't send an email, didn't come back to the meeting at all, and then he got fired.
And that was in 2022.
And then he went on for the next two years to tell everybody in the world that would listen, which wasn't very many people with McCarran and him, that I sabotaged him or I backstabbed him when it had nothing to do with me.
It had to do with the fact that he turned his webcam and showed Kevin McCarran.
And then when the rest of CHD asked me who that guy was, I just said, well, you can Google him, here's his name.
And they found him and realized what in the world is Charles Rixey doing in a hotel room with that guy.
And then for two years, he went to Japan and started streaming with him on and off every night, every other night.
Why, I don't know.
Steve Kirsch tried to pay me to go to Japan to work on experiments with McKernan in 2023.
He asked me if I would help him write the grant proposal that Steve Kirsch could fund us working together over there.
I have the text messages on my phone.
And so this guy who came on my stream in 2021, in December, saying that the RNA isn't pure, that live dead technologies exist, but they're not using them, and that the strains and the sequencing is real, actually went on that podcast in 2024, just three weeks ago, and said exactly the same thing for in three years, 2022, three and four, he hasn't moved an inch.
and he said it on the Brett Weinstein podcast the week before this one.
It's a hamster wheel and different parts of the narrative come back, different people in the narrative come back, different claims in the narrative come back and they're on different time horizons.
Some of them are yearly, some of them are six months, some of them are weeks, some of them are years and years like Steve Bannon.
And so the summary of this, if you just start to boil it all away, get rid of when Rixey came or when the Corman-Joriston, all that stuff, you just ignore it all and realize that this guy had the same message for me in December of 2021 that he had on the Brett Weinstein podcast in the end of 2024, three years later.
the exact same message with the exact same talking points bamboozling Brett Weinstein with with words that he has no idea what they mean because he's never even done a mini prep in his life.
That's how this illusion of consensus is maintained.
Maybe some of these people don't know they're doing it, but most of them that I have the biggest problem with definitely do.
EpiGirl knows, Robert Malone knows, I'm sure that Kevin McKernan knows, and the combination of those three might make it almost impossible for Robert F. Kennedy to know anything useful, especially if Meryl Nass is in on it with them, which I'm certain she is because she was already on stage with the anthrax vaccines years before the pandemic.
And again, any of these people that used to be my friends a couple years ago could just say that Jay is a real mean and ugly and nasty guy.
But man, does he get the virus story, the biology story.
Man, he gets it right.
And they don't say that because they can't, because they're all part of the same illusion.
They're all part of the good guy, bad guy, red team, good team that came out early with all kinds of ideas, but nothing to do with the vaccine schedule being criminal or that the public health narrative is a lie.
None of those people said, you know what?
You ought to read that book by Susan Humphreys before you listen to any of this shit.
None of them even came close to saying that.
Instead, they pitched a big top tent for health freedom that included a fear and cleavage site, spike protein, censorship, lab leak, gain of function viruses, flying AIDS, and of course, a little skeptic, you know, group of people that said there were no viruses at all.
including somebody like Tom Cowan who had a book in 2018 already that supposedly said that he could see through some of this illusion but then now it just was no viruses or they don't isolate or something like that.
And so just look at this calendar and you just can't believe it that in 2021 in June, not before, is when Robert Malone came out
Bobby Malone came out on the Dark Horse podcast and then a couple months later would have the first international COVID summit again Bobby Malone coordinated thing in Italy where he would meet with the Vatican and then in France a year later again and then in Brussels a year later and then like four months later in Romania
This is one of the most damning pictures because I think all the people that are on stage there from Nas to Rose to Rancor to Hudson to Hatfill and Weinstein, they're all witting participants at this point.
They have to know, otherwise they would not have gone to Romania to be with those people.
Who would go to Romania to have hotel breakfast with Steven Hatfill?
And then of course they did one at the CPAC in the USA, which a lot of us weren't aware of.
And then they did one in Japan more recently where they talked about the self-replicating RNA that I just showed you that Jessica Rose is still exclusively focused on now.
And so this illusion of consensus about needing to fear free-range RNA molecules is going to continue.
It's not going to go away.
These same people are going to curate the narrative.
It's going to feel like people are coming off the bench, but you're going to find out that they actually were waiting.
They were put in place a while ago.
Maybe they're being brought forward again.
So it's important to keep this time horizon correct, right?
Because these are the COVID summits.
This is basically where everybody started to talk about these possibilities of a lab leak.
If we're just really clear about it.
Let's just look at a video that I did one year ago.
This is a video from January 13th, 2024, exactly one year and a day ago.
What was I talking about?
What was I saying?
And just to be clear, as we do this, I'm going to put a couple pieces of the puzzle in here.
Well, I'll put them in in a minute.
Let's just let it play for now.
Brett and Eric would sell their souls to be seen as scientific visionaries.
I think there are a lot of journalists who would write anything they're told to write in order to keep their job, in order to rise through the ranks of an organization like that.
And certainly, if you were told that we will help you rise in a Joe Rogan-esque way on the internet to become
Independent member maybe even the leader of an organization called loosely the intellectual dark web and You had the right kind of ego it would be a very enticing offer and Once you were sitting in that chair, and then the pandemic kicked off and they told you they needed their hat your help In order to get compliance We'll take care of you It's very easy to see how this was done
even if they were unwitting, at some point, they have figured it out.
At some point, they had to have figured it out.
At some point, they have to have figured out that the vaccine schedule is a scam.
You can't be a medical freedom fighter for four years in this pandemic and not eventually have said, wait a minute, wait a minute.
What about the childhood vaccine schedule?
If you haven't asked that question out loud, if you're still saying like Brett Weinstein,
that the vaccine schedule is amazing and that vaccines are a miracle, they're the best idea ever, they're such an amazingly elegant methodology, then you're not a genuine thinker, you're really not.
You just missed it, you lost it, you are incompetent as a biologist, you're incompetent as a doctor, you should be ashamed of yourself.
If you aren't aware now,
At this stage, you need to get aware, you need to apologize to your patients, to your family and friends for not having figured out that RNA can't pandemic, that transfection can't immunize you, and that immunization by intramuscular injection doesn't make any sense given what little we do know or think we know about the immune system.
But of course, all these deep thinkers were put in place and told to argue about things that would not free us from this cage.
And more importantly, would not free our children from this cage.
And so it didn't matter what car you got into, you would find someone in there or a combination of people that would tell you nothing that would clear your mind of this mystery.
Nothing that would clear your mind of these questions.
Nothing that would get you walking in the right direction.
You would always, always be more confused.
Always be more complicated.
Always be oversimplified.
Never, ever
Would you be led to question the novel virus, the death of millions?
No, so this is not 2020.
Just be sure you know, I got 2020 here because I'm about to put some lines in here so that you can understand what I'm talking about.
This is actually taken right here, the green line from the 13th of January last year.
So it's just one year ago, just to be clear.
But I'm going to use this 2020 in a second to show you what we're talking about.
Millions more were saved in the gate of function was real or not None of these people will question that ladies and gentlemen, not one of them will question it That's pretty remarkable These are the people that we got in the car with we were forced to get into the car with these these were the only people that had cars on the internet
These were the people that were on all the podcasts circulating around all of the languages.
One of the things you should notice here is that...
On that display, Nick Hudson isn't there, Jonathan Engler isn't there, Claire Craig isn't there, Jessica Hockett isn't there.
And it's actually my experience in 2024 with Jessica Hockett and her behavior that finally made me question Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler and figure out that Claire Craig was being protected by them.
And all of their behavior suddenly made sense once Jessica kind of overplayed her hand.
And I have so many of those like voicemails and so many of those text messages that it's just kind of laughable at any point in time.
I mean, if I needed to be in court or something like that, it would just be hysterical.
The hard drive that I have for this.
And so Zardoz asked in the chat, you know, have you ever done this timeline?
That's what you're seeing happen.
I mean, I'm always working on this timeline, trying to make sure I know when everything happened because it's what keeps me sane.
If I didn't and couldn't remember, it's easy to remember the truth.
If I, if, if I didn't have this five years of experience with these people, I wouldn't be shouting from the rooftops that they're liars and traitors.
Why would I do that?
That would be crazy for my children, for my wife.
I'm doing it because I don't think I have any other choice.
If I'm going to be the dad that my kids need.
If I'm going to stay true to the memory of my grandmother who taught me to watch birds and collect snakes and mow the lawn.
If I'm going to, you know, do justice to my high school biology teacher who is not really responsible for the DNA, the DNA illusion for me.
That happened in university.
If you got into the car with Robert Malone, you would definitely still believe in a novel virus.
You definitely still believe in a lab leak.
You definitely still believe in gain of function.
You definitely still believe that a virus would come again because he would have already convinced you that a biology student in their garage with the proper eBay acquired equipment could easily breed a new pandemic.
Now, what I want you to understand here is that right now is two weeks after I had just been fired by CHD and I'm still trying to figure out what happened.
And the 13th of January, 2024, I still thought it was possible that Brian Hooker would step up on my behalf and stand up for me behind the scenes and go to the board or something and get Mary fired.
for what I did or what I said or didn't do.
And I'm going to explain what I did here.
And the tweet that Robert Malone tweeted that I supposedly shouldn't have said anything about, that I don't even know if anybody else saw besides me.
But somehow or another, the situation was created that I was interfering with the way that they interacted with their partners, which includes the books that they sell.
And because my podcast was questioning Robert Malone's motives after CHD had published his book, I wasn't selling his book anymore.
I was interfering with that relationship and they fired me.
That's the actual language that was used both by Brian Hooker and Mary Holland.
And so just listen, because this is me still not accepting that
CHD is a sabotaged organization that was sabotaging me.
I was still thinking that Brian Hooker was a good guy that was being sabotaged and that he might step up and be like, Mary, what are you doing?
Jay is like the best thing that we've ever been able to recruit.
Why are we kicking him out?
Why aren't we giving him a podcast?
Instead, Brian was the guy that fired me using Mary's words.
I do think that he had a heavy heart when doing it because I was shocked.
I Was absolutely blown away.
I did not think they were gonna fire me I thought I was gonna get admonished or yelled at or told I couldn't stream anymore or something, but they just said done over Actually, he's also got a book out called the lies my government told me in the better future coming and
What's very curious about it is that he, I think when he first started to throw his career away to save the world, he went to Children's Health Defense.
And I think Children's Health Defense actually vetted him, you know, like, you know, had some people check him out, even spent some time with him to see if he was really worth supporting.
See, so here I'm not even, I'm not even feeling safe enough to say that I know who that is and that who claimed it.
Later on, after this stream, I will be very honest and say that it was actually Meryl Nass who told me that story.
That she and Mary Holland spent a weekend at the Malone Ranch in order to vet him as this guy.
And that when they did that, they thought that they were great.
They're such nice people.
They're so real and down to earth.
And they didn't even know what the WEF was.
And so at this stage, I'm still worried about the fact that maybe I've been set up to take CHD down.
Maybe I've been set up to, how do you say it?
Burn my reputation by attacking CHD.
So I don't want to do it here.
And I avoid doing it here, even though they just let me go for what I'm explaining right here.
And they decided to publish his book.
You see, this book is actually published under the Children's Health Defense
Logo And that's actually, you know under sky horse publishing.
I think they have their own little little thing, you know I mean they they do some things with sky horse and some things were this one, but I think they have their own little Publishing thing now in cooperation with sky horse.
And so Child children's health defense is on his book.
That's pretty cool for him.
That's pretty that's pretty cool that children's health defense put their put their
their rep on the line for him and published his book, got it out there.
That's super cool.
Actually, I think the truth about Wuhan with Andrew Huff is also published by Sky Horse Publishing.
So between Sky Horse Publishing and the house label of Children's Health Defense, they get a lot of books out there that are worth reading.
I think also Brian Hooker's book, Greed and Yellow Book, is so worth buying, probably the best book
that Children's Health Defense has put out in a while, although I'm kind of, of course, I've got a little soft spot for the Wuhan cover up.
But anyway, my point is, is that Robert Malone probably has a lot to thank Children's Health Defense for because they helped him get started in this dissident movement.
And I guess that's why if you would have gotten in the car with Robert Malone a long time ago and thought he was a really cool dude and had been following him for a while and seeing that he was aligned with Children's Health Defense and seeing that he, you know, likes Bobby a lot and follows Bobby around and was at a lot of conferences, like at the first Children's Health Defense conference and at Bobby's inauguration.
I mean, not his inauguration, but his announcement in Boston that he was going to run for president.
You'd think, wow, this guy's really in it.
He's really in it to win it.
And then suddenly he tweets out, no, I don't think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Is a really good candidate for president because he's not a very good manager.
And exhibit one, according to Robert Malone, his CHD isn't that weird.
So CHD published his book.
He's been promoting Bobby as a smart guy for a while now and used CHD to publish his book and his good friend, Merrill Nass.
So it's interesting, right, that in the beginning of the end of 2023, Robert Malone already knew that Donald Trump was a better candidate for president than Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and was willing to say it on X.
Despite the fact that he has a long history and friendship with Meryl Ness that goes all the way back to the anthrax vaccine hearings.
The fact that CHD published his book and got it out there for him.
but Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't manage that organization very well, and so he's not a very good candidate for president.
That's a remarkable thing to say now that you know that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
threw his support behind Donald Trump and helped Donald Trump get elected, right, by sort of coalescing behind him in a unity movement, according to Brett Weinstein.
Seems
Pretty insightful for an emu farmer.
Up until, as far as I know, has been affiliated with, working for, been a scientific advisor for CHD and for Bobby for many years now.
And she's got a long record of being opposed to anthrax vaccines, and so she's got a real clear track record.
and a clear association with CHD, the same beautiful organization that is associated with the movie Vaxxed and associated with really some of the biggest heroes in my mind of the anti-vaxx movement like Brian Hooker.
And so I still couldn't see how inept they were, how they didn't score any touchdowns and why that had to be by design or by sabotage yet.
I didn't want to see it.
I didn't want to say it.
I was afraid that I was being set up to be the guy that says it.
So that's why I'm choosing my words so carefully by still trying to explain why I got fired without saying I got fired.
One of the few organizations in America that's really taking a stand against the vaccine schedule.
Did they really though?
See, isn't it crazy?
I was really fighting the cognitive dissonance.
I really wanted to believe essentially in the organization, but that some people were bad guys.
I just couldn't accept that it wasn't that simple.
That's not how it works.
And calling it for what it is, trying to push some of the best lawsuits forward, as far as I can tell.
And so having come from that angle, thinking that Robert Malone had a lot of respect for the organization, a lot of respect for the guy, and a lot of the guy at the head of it, and also a lot of respect for the people within it, seeing as one of his good friends, Merrill Nass, is one of those people at the top of that pyramid of scientific advisement of the organization, as far as I could tell, before the pandemic.
Then what in the world is he doing here?
calling CHD, I don't know, I guess he's implying it's not a very well-managed organization that chooses its primary scientific advisors is Merrill Nass.
It's not a very good, what does that really mean?
It's also interesting that there's a podcast with Tommy and Stephen Hatfield and Robert Malone where Robert Malone mentions Merrill Nass and then Stephen Hatfield says, oh, I don't want to talk about that Nass, she's nasty.
The same Meryl Nass that he got photographed with on stage in Romania in November 2023, that one.
It's all one big show, ladies and gentlemen.
And this team, it pretends to oppose each other, but they're all one team.
That's why for a little while, Sasha and Malone pretended to be enemies.
And that's why George Webb is Malone's primary enemy, mentioned several times during the pandemic.
And what does it mean to take a pop shot at CHD where your friend is affiliated, where your friend Bobby is affiliated, where your friend Meryl is affiliated, where all of these heroes to the health freedom movement are affiliated that came through for you and published your book.
And just like that, you throw them under the bus as a movement worth discarding for Donald Trump.
Donald Trump has better management skills than Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Donald Trump has presided over countless bankruptcies, countless interlayered LLCs, and yet Robert Malone makes the argument that Donald Trump is a better presidential candidate than Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
after getting his book published by
The non-profit that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
helped found what the world is going on here.
What car did we get into?
I thought I was in a car getting a ride to a gas station.
Now I'm walking on the moon.
What's happening in this theater?
What's going on?
These people have lost their minds.
He listed on a substack quite some time ago already a whole list of meddlers.
See, I still have Denny Rancourt and Nick Hudson circled in green because I still think they're pretty good guys at this stage.
I didn't realize that after this conference that Denny Rancourt would not correct anybody about the lack of evidence of spread for a whole year.
He still hasn't done it.
I was advocating for him to do it in January of 2024.
I said, you gotta make these people, you gotta correct them and tell them that there's no evidence of spread.
So get off the 17 million killed by the shot number.
But he didn't.
Just like Nick Hudson never really usefully explained any of my biology, just like Nick Hudson didn't have any of my videos of mine on his Rumble channel.
And if he did at the time, he doesn't anymore.
Three different presentations just eliminated.
Vanished.
That's the real censorship that these guys don't talk about.
The one that they engage in.
Catherine Austin Fitz was on that list of meddlers.
And George Webb was on that list of meddlers.
Interestingly, George Webb was even given a link by Robert Malone.
a link to a CBS 60 Minutes broadcast at the start of the pandemic.
I mean, if he's a bad guy and you don't want anybody to follow him, why give links to a... Okay, so first two lines I'm going to put in here are for Robert Malone getting a call from Wuhan about the start of the pandemic, I think on the 3rd or 4th of January.
And then another line here on the 25th of January, where I've at least been able to verify that that was a date when Steve Bannon said it might be a lab leak.
And it was also in January that
Stephen Hatfield was on the war room talking with Steve Bannon.
So in 2020, I'm alleging, and I think other people are alleging that it might be Steve Bannon who's kind of responsible for seeding the narrative of a lab leak and blaming it on China.
And he was also, of course, the guy who brought Li Min Yan onto the scene, was even on stage with her and gave her a hug that was not a hug of somebody that you just met.
um 60 minutes episode where he's featured maybe we should watch that 60 minutes clip for a second and see what what and so then now i'm putting in another five lines here for the five live streams that i did with kevin mccairn and uh addy adds and um and uh and paul cutrell
who up until 2023 at least, if not 24,
George Webb has been saying was one of the foremost heroes in the pandemic and called him a doctor and yada, yada, yada.
That guy, somehow or another, I got streaming with them already in 2020, five times, five weekends in a row with people that I only found out later were associated with George Webb because at the beginning of the pandemic, George Webb had blocked me on X. I couldn't see anything and I didn't understand what X was.
I was just on X because of drastic and I had been invited there.
And so now if I keep this playing, the other line that I'm dropping in here, let me think about this for a second, is, I think that's a Robert Malone and, well, anyway, I'm not sure what that line is.
So let's just resume again.
That's all about, because the last time Robert Malone told me to watch something, he told me to watch a Peter Cullis video because
Peter Cullis probably should have gotten the Nobel Prize as well.
So those two lines here that I just drew are the two times when Robert Malone, right after he streamed with Brett Weinstein and just before he went on Rogan or just after, he did a couple streams with Paul Cattrell.
The same guy that I was streaming with five times in a row that's associated with George Webb that George Webb says is a hero.
Robert Malone streamed with him around the same month and a half that he was on Joe Rogan and Brett Weinstein.
That's a very, very odd admission to them being in the same network because of course there's no reason for a guy who can get on Joe Rogan to go on such a remote podcast as whatever they were calling that one, black and white, something, something, I don't know.
Extraordinary the timeline is for admitting and finding these networks of people and how they were promoting each other as opponents Constructing this limited spectrum of debate and all the scooby-doo nuances within it a Peter Cullis video from 2022 where he admitted that he wasted the lives of four postdocs trying to get the LNPs to go somewhere that they wanted him to go and they could never do it and
So Byron Brittle's data and his whistleblower account was completely corroborated by what Peter Cullis freely admitted in a Garnier lecture at a university in Canada.
It's laughable.
And so what are we going to find if we follow another lead from Robert Malone's list of bad guys?
What are we going to find over here?
I wonder.
Interesting.
This could be cool.
Oh, I didn't clip it.
Sorry.
A priority of the new president and Congress will be reigning in the giants of social media.
On this, Democrats and Republicans agree.
Their target is a federal law known as Section 230.
In a single sentence, it set off the Big Bang, helping to create the universe of Google, Facebook, Twitter, and the rest.
Some critics of the law say that it leaves social media free to ignore lies,
hoaxes and slander that can wreck the lives of innocent people.
Now, keep in mind that this is March 2020.
So this is right at the seeding event of the pandemic.
We haven't actually locked down yet.
And so we're still trying to seed the narrative that this pandemic could be a lot worse than we thought.
And we're already actually going to seed the narrative of maybe it's a lab pandemic.
And that's going to be in here, but not really in here.
What's actually in here, it's under the guise of internet harassment.
And of course, you guys are all well aware that AI and the combination of anonymity on the internet is going to be used to create the perfect brew for everybody to demand or beg for internet
digital ID so that there's no more anonymity on some of these platforms.
And so at the beginning of the pandemic they already intertwined these narratives.
The narrative of the need for better controls over the internet and censorship on the internet and why censorship is so dangerous with
the ongoing pandemic.
I want you to see how this enchantment is so miraculous, how it's so beautiful, how it's so diabolical.
That when somebody tells you there's fifth generation warfare being waged on you, that they're talking about 60 minutes.
Watch this carefully.
Listen carefully.
One of those critics is Lenny Posner.
After a tragedy in his own life, Posner has become a champion for victims of online lies.
People including Matja and Matt Benassi, who overnight became the target of death threats like these.
The story will continue in a moment.
We're going to put a bullet in their skull.
Let's load up the trucks.
Let's go get them.
Let's hang them.
They posted our address, our full address, where we live.
The hate.
I mean, there were aerial photos from Zillow of my old house posted on Reddit streams and also telegram groups that I was made privy to.
So, you know, I've had all those same things as well.
Just what can you do, right?
I mean, what can you do?
That's the reality of it.
If you're going to get scared because people are posting aerial photos from Zillow of your house, then this ain't for you.
Focused on Mattia and Matt Benassi was unleashed by a hoax that claims she brought COVID-19 into the world.
It's changed and migrated over the 70 plus videos that they've had about us, but... Wait, 70?
Yeah, if you actually go through all the videos, there is a total of 70 videos across multiple YouTube channels.
The videos claim Mattia Benassi carried the virus to China on a bicycle.
She was invited there as a member of a U.S.
military cycling team.
Mattia is a Dutch immigrant, American citizen and soldier who served in Iraq.
So what questions are being proposed here?
Can a virus be transported or is it already assumed that viruses can be transported and spread?
Seeded.
Released.
Seems like 60 Minutes already agrees that that's possible and she's being accused of it.
In 2019, during an international military Olympics, she crashed in Wuhan, where COVID-19 was discovered two months later.
Her collision with the internet began after an innocent article about the race.
And somebody came across it and it had Wuhan in and they took a run with it.
Oh, we got a person.
Your name, the name Wuhan,
and the rest only takes a lot of imagination.
Correct.
What were they saying about you?
First, they said I brought it to China, and when I crashed, I spread it, and that I spread it in the hospital, which I never was in the hospital.
All these lies about vials in my bicycle, hidden, and I have no idea.
It's gonna be this person by the name of Matya, Matya Banasi.
The absurdity was spelled out, literally, by a hoax peddler named George Webb.
So they said his name.
They showed a picture of him on 60 Minutes, the same program that showed us twice Peter Daszak and all the stuff that he was doing, including years before the pandemic.
Do you see it yet?
Do you think it's possible that George Webb got on 60 Minutes because he's just a hoax peddler?
Because they're just innocently covering some guy on the interwebs who harassed this Dutch person who cycled in the Wuhan Games?
Do you really think that this is all just an elaborate, gumshoe-style story?
They're just doing the background.
We're just following wherever the lead goes.
No, ladies and gentlemen, this is an elaborate fifth generation warfare narrative being given to our old people, young people, anybody that's watching this video live, trying to figure out why we're about to be stuck in our house.
And Robert Malone shared it as part of the evidence for this guy being a relevant harasser.
in his own little universe.
Peter and Ginger Bregan are also listed as bad guys by Robert Malone, but somehow or another that suit hasn't gone anywhere.
It was just a lot of fire and smoke and thunder that never went anywhere.
But made sure that that book that they've got, that I've shown many times, gets sold.
The book about a lab leak, the book about a bioweapon that the Breggans wrote, gets sold.
Now you see it.
The Sloan added them to his list too.
And so once you start to see that actually most of the people on the list are not bad guys, but actually part of this controlled,
Spectrum of debate this very limited spectrum of debate with fake adversaries It starts to become very clear now why I have this person here is because Dr. Paul Cottrell actually became connected to be very early in the pandemic as part of a group of people that wanted to stream with me every weekend They were also part of work team worst-case scenario Paul Cottrell never told me that he was working with George Webb George Webb had me blocked from the beginning of the pandemic
So I would never make that connection between him and John Goodman and, and, and, or Jason Goodman and John Cullen.
I would never make the connection with Paul Cuttrell, uh, back to Addy ads and all these other people either.
I would just think that Paul Cuttrell was some kind of pseudo doctor on the internet that I couldn't really figure out.
but at least I had Dr. Kevin McCarran there to help me make sure that we wouldn't let these no virus people get away with their nonsense and we wouldn't let any of these 5G mythologies take off.
And we would stop this silver salesman, Paul Cattrell, while George Webb still says to this day that one of the biggest heroes in the pandemic is Dr. Paul Cattrell, even though he knows Dr. Paul Cattrell is not a doctor,
He has a fake PhD in some kind of chaos theory.
It's a fake PhD.
And if it's not a fake PhD in the sense of it's wholly made of lies, then it's a fake PhD in the sense that nothing really significant was done in order to earn this doctor of philosophy.
And it certainly has nothing to do with medicine or biology, even though he and George Webb worked very hard to make sure that you would, as easily as possible, confuse him and think that he was a medical doctor, because they represented it that way all the time.
And so what an interesting closing of the loop here because Robert Malone actually did a couple interviews on stream with Paul Cuttrell in 2021 when he finally did pull out or pull up to the curb and say, hey, I'm going to help you guys.
And so that's, again, why I think it's very important for you to see that I'm not trying to make this about me, but because of where I have stood, because of where I have sat, because of who has contacted me when, and the order in which they have denied me, it has become very obvious that all of these people are connected.
There's no possible way.
The three years after being on stream with Paul Cuttrell, where Paul Cuttrell was posing as a doctor, telling us that remdesivir would work, telling us that the worst case scenario Red Dragon event was happening, that no less than 60 days was needed for lockdown.
All of these crazy things to see the worst case scenario at the start of the pandemic, he was calling it flying AIDS already back then.
along with Dr. Kevin McCairn, who harassed me nonstop for four years, as following me around like a clown car, are all connected.
Because otherwise, Robert Malone wouldn't have, a year and a half later in 2021, gone on a stream with Paul Cottrell
a already known fake doctor, Jason Goodman called him out as a fake doctor in 2020.
Everybody knew that he was a fake doctor in 2020, so why in the world in 2021 would Robert Malone go on his podcast?
Only later to turn around and say that George Webb is one of the baddest baddies that he's got to deal with on the web, the ultimate harasser.
He's as much of a victim as this Macia Benassi apparently.
George Webb just unleashed the same kind of ridiculousness on George Webb as he unleashed on Macia Benassi.
At least that's what Robert Malone wants you to believe.
But please see how magically this little substack play gets you to accept that there was a virus, that there was something to argue about, that there were meddlers, and that Robert Malone is not one of them.
Don't you see how terrible, malevolent this enchantment is?
And don't you see why I'm so passionately trying to break it?
Because these people are known to me
They are known to me in a way which makes this glowingly incongruent.
There is no way that all of these stories can be true.
There's no way that all of these people are telling the truth.
There's no way that these people are not liars.
And I don't like to use the word because it's so accusatory, but they have misled us about who they are.
They have misled us about what their motivations are, and they have misled us to ask the wrong questions so that our children will be enslaved by these weaponized piles of money that are paying them.
With comfort and fame and promise of membership, ladies and gentlemen, we have to wake up now.
This is not a joke.
There can be no other explanation for these things that when you line them up the right way, it's like, bong.
Wow, that's pretty weird how that all just kind of lines up.
One fact also to note here is that there are videos where Paul Cuttrell and George Webb are streaming together at the same time that I'm streaming with Addy Ads.
And so that partnership was there.
It's just that I myself didn't know it or understand.
I didn't know who George Webb was.
I didn't know who Paul Cuttrell was.
Kevin McCairn contacted me and said that they have this little stream that streams and that I should join them.
So it, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't have any kind of inkling that I could get involved in something like this.
I really thought it was just spontaneous action.
People that had seen my YouTube channel, people had seen my, my promoted link by Harvard to the big house in, in, uh, zero hedge.
And I thought that's what happened that I just got the attention of some random guy in, in Tokyo that are in, in Japan that was streaming with some other guys in, in America.
I didn't know.
But after all this is done, now I can know.
I mean, now we can know.
Now we can look back and we can take a look.
Okay, here's the COVID summits.
Here's where everything started.
We can put my time at CHD in there.
We can add in when Robert Malone got the phone call.
We can add in a line for when,
Steve Bannon said it was going to be a lab leak with Hatfill.
We can add in the five streams that I did with Paul Cottrell that was a direct connection to Webb that I didn't understand.
We can add in the two times that Malone streamed with Cottrell a year and a half later.
We can add in the video that I showed where it's like, you know, it's a background signal.
We can add in the Corman-Joriston report.
We can add in when Kevin and I streamed together.
And then we can add in when Rixie came to my house.
And we're still not even barely in 2022 when I would be hired by CHD a few months later.
We can add in when McCairn had his discussion with Bailey on the Tim Truth podcast and made a fool of himself.
We can add when Kevin McCairn came to Pittsburgh and tried to stay overnight at my house.
We could add the three times that Kevin McKernan was on the Vance Crowe podcast talking about sequencing the virus on pot and stuff like that, but we don't even need that.
That's ridiculous.
Instead, let's focus on this little pink line right here, which is when they started talking about batches.
and when Mike Eden started to present the data from Sasha Latapova about the batches.
And then let's talk about a year later in 2023, when Sasha Latapova is on stage with Robert Malone, not talking about batches anymore, but talking about how the DOD did it.
Let's talk about the three times that she was on CHD or the Defender podcast in 2023, also not talking about placebo, but talking about how the DOD did it.
And let's remind everybody that her daughter was promoted by Alex Jones in 2019 at least twice.
Let's remind everybody that she made a video about Discord and recruiting people to shoot Biden and Trump during the pandemic when she was 19.
Let's not forget that at the beginning of the pandemic, we got a phone call to Robert Malone.
Let's not forget that I put out a review saying stop all transfection in May of 2021.
It's just all kinds of crap here.
Look at the white things from, that's Pierre Corey, right?
So the health freedom movement that started way, way, way back when,
10 years later, after all these podcasts and all these things, you can clearly see a track record of sabotage, a track record of a script, a track record of no progress being made, standing in front of people and taking over the mic to make sure that nobody made any useful progress in literally a decade.
And so Catherine Watt is somebody that they've been putting in front of me a lot.
And I've been told that the presentation that she gave on the first of our sorry, the 23rd of January 2023 is kind of like the best presentation that she gives of herself on her own.
It is a it is a it is a
a newscast or a press conference, supposedly, where also Sasha speaks right after her and basically says that it's the DoD and says nothing about placebos being used as a way to meet these ridiculous manufacturing quotas, but instead talks all about manufacturing standards and not having to meet manufacturing standards.
Nevermind just saying, well, they could give saline like
Mike Eden said a year earlier when he presented that data.
And so what does Catherine Watt say a year after Mike Eden presents Sasha's data to the CIC or whatever they're called in Germany and says that you know you can get the same data with saline
Sasha never said that and still didn't say it and doesn't say it in this presentation after Catherine Watt speaks.
So you can do that research on your own.
I'm not going to waste any more minutes on Sasha because I know that she is part of Team Robert Malone.
And it's just a question of how can I convince other people to see it?
Now, Catherine Watt may or may not be a good person, but let's just listen to see if we can glean anything from this brief presentation from the same presentation set that also Sasha gave a presentation where she doesn't say anything about badges.
I've got this Todd calendar date on there because I want you to see it from the perspective of her presentation.
And the basic idea is that public health has been militarized and the military has been sort of turned into a public health front or Potemkin village.
such that they are using public health language and public health laws to actually carry out a military campaign.
And I would not call them D.O.D.
vaccines.
I would call them D.O.D.
weapons.
So I call it the kill box because the first sort of lead that I had was Todd Callender's January 30th, 2022 interview on Elizabeth Leavleet's
podcast called Truth for Health.
Okay, so the first lead that Catherine Watt had was a presentation by Todd Calendar on the first, in the first month of 2022.
So as best I can tell, Catherine Watt didn't really start working on the something's weird problem.
until she saw the presentation of Todd Calendar.
Before that, she knew stuff was weird, but she hadn't really bothered to look into it and figure it out.
So her first clue was Todd Calendar's presentation on the 30th of January, 2022.
And now what did that spur her to do?
I guess she learned the life cycle of a kill box and then started Googling stuff.
So what did she find?
And he described it as a kill box.
And then I looked that up and it turns out it's a military term for establishing a geographic space or three-dimensional area for a military attack by air and by surface.
Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but it sure sounds like to me, she's saying that after she saw the Todd calendar presentation on the 30th of January,
In 2022, she googled or looked up what a kill box was, and now her whole journey started in January of 2022, a year after I lost my job as a faculty member.
It's already too late to save any college kid or to save any adult from taking the shot that they were coerced into taking.
It's completely irrelevant.
She couldn't really save anyone from taking the first shot of the bioweapon or what she calls a bioweapon.
It's remarkable.
to kill the people who are in it and then dismantle the kind of framework and move on to the next campaign.
And what the DOD and the World Health Organization- And so they could have done that with supplementary oxygen and some acute respiratory toxin, something like that, right?
And so she's talking about a kill box with regard to the shots.
What about the murder in 2020?
Are we gonna talk about that or is that not part of this story?
and have gotten quite far in doing, but not completely reached their goals, is to set up the entire world as their geographic terrain, their target population as all the people in the world, the duration of their campaign as permanent.
And the weapons that they're using are, number one, informational, that's the propaganda piece and the censorship piece.
Number two, psychological, that's the fear and terrorism piece of telling people they need to be afraid all the time and they need to listen to the government.
And then the third piece is the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear weapons, which are called, in their campaign, pharmaceuticals, vaccines, but are actually toxins and pathogens.
So I started, after I heard that interview, I had already been wondering what was going on, but I started trying.
I've already been wondering what was going on.
So she really didn't get off of her couch and do anything, as far as I can understand, and tell this Todd Callender interview.
And then she finally thought, wow, what is this kill box?
And oh my gosh, kill box?
Tell me more.
To track down some of the things Todd Callender talked about in his interview,
and figure out what the legal frameworks were and how they were set up and what the financial coercion mechanisms were.
And so in January of 2022, she set out to figure out what was going on.
And by January of 2023, she could give a 10-minute presentation summarizing what was going on better than Aaron Seery could ever summarize, better than Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Mary Holland Esquire could ever summarize the legal
and financial coercion mechanisms that are involved in the trap that we're in.
But this lady, after getting inspired by Todd Callender's interview on a podcast, figured it all out in less than a year.
Holy shit.
Finding, which many other people have found from various other angles, was that this project has been going on for centuries.
It's basically globalist central bankers and lots of related organizations trying to get complete control of human beings through banking programs and through military programs.
Oh, well, that's easy.
Then I don't really disagree with anything at all.
It's just a general statement that globalist people and people who run the banks are trying to take control of us.
Well, I guess you must have read some books in the last year.
I guess you figured out that there's a Federal Reserve and stuff like that and fiat currency and fractional reserve banking.
I can't wait for you to tell us more.
and they kicked it into higher gear in 1913 with the Federal Reserve Act.
They kicked the public health aspect of it into higher gear starting in the 1930s and 40s.
Before the 1960s, they mostly did it.
1930s and 40s and whatever is when these books are starting to come out, right?
This book and Teilhard de Chardin and holy shit.
Are we winning right now or are we winning right now?
This is laughable to me at this stage.
This is 2023.
No college kids can be saved.
No grandparents can be saved.
No murder can be stopped.
And she starts out talking about a kill box that she heard about a year earlier and then figured it out that it's the Venetians.
through orchestrated armed conflicts and financial depressions and wars, which are very loud and messy and destructive to infrastructure, and it makes it difficult for them to have plausible deniability and legal impunity for what they're doing.
So in the mid 60s, they got much better at inducing suicide and homicide by fraudulently labeling poisons as medicines or as vaccines or as prophylactics and telling people that submitting to that.
If this woman is right, then the reason why Sasha Latupova stepped in front of her is to make sure that she would never articulate it correctly.
And I don't think that this presentation articulates correctly what she probably does believe and understand.
And I'm very sure that the idea that it's the DoD doing it is exactly what Sasha Latapova needs to say in order to get in front of this person and either
either neuter her real message or just facilitate the confusion and over-complication of things.
We still haven't really gotten to the stage where we're saying we should hold the government to strict scrutiny whenever fundamental rights are being suspended.
And it doesn't matter what law that suspends the fundamental rights, in that law there should be the government being held to strict scrutiny.
And those are the legal terms and those are the legal binding arguments that should be used by anybody like Mary Holland or Aaron Seery or Bobby Joe Cox or any of these other people who claim to be Esquire lawyers that are trying to help us to fight out of this public health nonsense.
hold the government to strict scrutiny when they suspend fundamental rights would eliminate, would allow the courts and any judge that was actually patriotic and functioning as he should or she should, could strike that law as unconstitutional because fundamental rights are being suspended without holding the government to strict scrutiny.
And that is a fundamental principle of the American system.
Stop lying!
These people don't say that because it's simple and direct and the truth and instead they have a stupid complicated version of that truth that will never usefully allow people to get there.
It circumlocutes the truth like a motorcycle inside of a metal cage.
That's why this is January of 2023 and not January 2020.
When all the same laws were in effect, and all the same legal principles could have been figured out, and all the same kill boxes existed, and all the same documents were there, this lady just didn't wake up until the January of 2020.
And then it took her a year to finally figure it all out, you know, because a lot of people had done this work before.
It goes back hundreds of years.
This plan has been going on since the founding of the Federal Reserve.
Well, then don't mention G. Edward Griffin or anything like that.
Don't mention, you know.
That poisoning process was their civic duty.
And that's, we saw that in COVID with the shorthand for do this or you're going to kill your grandma.
And the way that the pharmaceutical method is primarily useful to them is that plausible deniability is much easier and legal impunity is a lot easier.
They can achieve the same goals of killing lots of people without their fingerprints being all over it.
I looked into the coercion cascades, mostly financial.
I'm not going to go into a lot of detail with that, but it starts at the top with the Bank for International Settlements, and they can use their control of other federal settlements.
I mean, we're so screwed, right?
I mean, there's no way to get out of this if we've got to change the Bank of International Settlements relationship with the IMF and with the UN and with all these non-governmental organizations.
I mean, we're just screwed if it's also the WHO.
I hope it's not the WHO.
Central banks, access to financial systems.
And then all the way down through state governments, national governments, local municipal school districts, hospitals, everything.
If you comply with what they're telling you to do, as far as masking and testing, isolating yourself, taking injections, then you will get the financial access that you need to run your business or to
have a job.
And if you don't comply, they can cut you off from those services.
And so that is one of the main mechanisms through which the whole thing was carried out.
And then on the legal side, at my website, I do trace it back farther, but I'm going to start at 1969, just for the sake of starting somewhere.
The US Congress passed a law
to set up the Chemical and Biological Warfare Program.
And in that law, which is 50 U.S.C.
Chapter 32, there are very important key terms, including protective, prophylactic, and defensive, which is how they justified doing it.
They were using those words because the international community of ordinary non-insane people were concerned about biological and chemical warfare.
She's not wrong here, but understand something very important is that there are people that were working before January of 2022.
There were lawyers working before January 20.
Rolf Hazelhurst, a lawyer at CHD that CHD never allows to speak, never talks about his history and his experience with the CICP,
That guy's been at it for years.
He's got a kid injured by the, and he's one of the cases that defined the compensation of the vaccine schedule.
Why isn't that guy talking about this structure, these laws, these words?
Why are we having a paralegal do it from Pennsylvania who just figured out that something weird's going on when she heard the word kill box in January of 2022.
But before that was just minding her own business, doing whatever legal stuff she did.
because the goal is not to save us.
The goal is to continue the fear and frustration and confusion and uncertainty and doubt.
Weapons and they were working on international treaties to prohibit them.
And so they needed to build... International treaties to prohibit things that don't exist, bring those things into existence in the people that hear the treaty.
If you make a treaty that bans gain-of-function research, then I guess gain-of-function research must be real.
If you have a treaty that bans the aggressive, you know, offensive bioweapons, then there must be offensive bioweapons, right?
within loopholes and the loopholes they built in where we're not going to do biological and chemical research and weapons development except for protective or prophylactic or defensive purposes.
And that's a false characterization because all biologically active products are intrinsically aggressive and toxic and lethal.
And that's where we get disciplines or that's the thing that disciplines like toxicology, pharmacokinetics,
Genotoxicity, drug-drug interactions are all related to that fact that everything that goes into the human body or any living body has some effects which can be toxic.
So that was the way they tried to get around that.
And then the foundational public health emergency.
So it's weird, right?
Because you just found out like less than a year ago that your entire model of how your country works and how you grew up and where you grew up is totally screwed.
And it's based on a foundation of lies.
And you think that your government is killing people using a technique called kill boxes.
And yet this is how she's talking.
I'm not gonna listen to it anymore.
It's hurting me because it's just so dumb.
I don't know if she's unwitting or witting participant.
I know for sure that Sasha Latapova is a witting participant in the team Robert Malone Illusion that Kevin McKernan is almost certainly a part of as well.
And that's why his biology hasn't changed in almost four or five years.
That's why all of these track records, when you plot them out, it just don't make any sense.
Where most of the action doesn't start until mid-2021,
And most of the real action doesn't start until 2022 when the vast majority of college kids and above have already taken it.
And now they're trying to convert it to kids.
They made no useful resistance.
They made active, active efforts to seed a narrative of a lab leak, of a worst case scenario of billions of people dead.
They did that.
Bannon and Cantrell and Webb and Malone and Whitney Webb and all these people Steven Hadfield, they're all there that were all on stage years later in in Romania.
They're all the same people That are now in the health freedom movement that are sitting in front of our Senate's testifying even the ones with foreign passports It's saying that the kovat shots are bad, but not talking about 2020 when all the murder happened
And in 2021, when all the murder happened, health freedom rocks.
They're selling Maha t-shirts and hats still with no message.
No message about RNA not being able to pandemic.
No message about intramuscular injection being surprisingly dumb on paper.
No message about how transfection is a crime because they knew it would be terrible in healthy people.
No explanation for how a background signal could be misconstrued as spread with simple nonspecific PCR tests.
No mention of the fact that placebos could explain why the vast majority of people who've taken the shot don't really think that it was dangerous.
and lies about the number of people that have taken it.
Instead, it's health freedom and an adulteration of the shots.
No discussion of the population pyramid across the Western civilization that had a population pyramid bump.
caused by the prosperity after World War II, a projected great budget downfall because of all the old people that would need healthcare in their waning years.
From Scotland to America to Japan to China, they all have the same problem.
Isn't that interesting that they know none of them talk about it and instead they perpetuate myths about a virus and about a strange illness?
None of them will address this single slide which basically summarizes the whole pandemic plus the one before it with the population pyramid.
It's the whole story in a slide.
and they will ignore all the ideas on this slide to save their Health Freedom Rocks movement, to save Cali Means and Casey Means and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
from any major scrutiny because they can still save us from processed food and from the really nasty dyes and get rid of the fluoride in our water.
Thank goodness for them.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen, other than we've got to wake up.
We've got to wake up to the history that's available to us, their history.
We have to re-examine it, put them and their ideas under scrutiny as you would put my ideas under scrutiny.
And you will see what rises to the top.
It won't be the health freedom movement.
It won't be COVID shots are bad.
It will not be health freedom rocks.
It will be that RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection is dumb, and that transfecting healthy people is a crime.
that the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise, that they lied about this pandemic, they lied about the population pyramid.
These people lied.
I think I'm repeating it one too many times here.
These are the conclusions that I want to be evaluated, that I want challenged, and I don't care who challenges them.
And I want you to see social media for what it is.
It's a weaponized military set of programs used against us to create the division and to curate this limited spectrum of debate that we're all trapped in, that they want our children trapped in.
And if we don't pull our children out,
They're going to be lost forever.
Next generations of our kids are going to be lost forever.
Thank you very much for joining me.
This is Gigaon Biological.
A high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Noam Chomsky told you.
Edward Bernays told you.
And now Jonathan Cooey is telling it to you.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection is criminal.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Thank you very much.
See you tomorrow.